 Thank you everybody. Thank you and Vice President Mike Pence, thank you very much. Incredible. And, hello to Fayetteville. Hello, Fayetteville. It's great to be here in North Carolina's ninth congressional district with the hardworking patriots who believe in faith, family, God and country. Thank you. Thank you. Tomorrow you'll head to the polls to elect a congressman who always puts America first, Dan Bishop. I've just come from a meeting with North Carolina officials representing communities hit by Hurricane Dorian and I expressed the unwavering solidarity of the American people, we are behind you 100%. 100%. The prayers of our entire nation are with the citizens of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida and everyone else that was in the storms path, and I will say I was called by the government of The Bahamas and we're helping with The Bahamas. They were hit so hard. They were hit so hard. Who would believe it? We pledged the full support of the federal government through every step of the rebuilding process. And I will say, North Carolina in our country probably got hit the hardest. That was a little bit of a surprise, but I know one thing about North Carolina. You can take it and you'll build it quickly and you'll build it beautifully. And, you'll be back sooner then anybody ever thought and it'll be better then ever. Right? No doubt about it. I also want to give a special recognition to the many non-governmental organizations doing so much to help people recover from Dorian, in particular, Franklin Graham. He's a wonderful guy. He's got an organization, Samaritan's Purse, based right here in North Carolina and the work that Franklin and his family and all of those that are with Franklin Graham we want to thank them. Special, great people. Great People. Thank you Franklin. Thank you. Incredible job. He does such a great job. All over, whenever there's a problem you see Samaritan's Purse and Franklin and his people. We love the people of this state and we will never ever leave your side. North Carolina will truly recover so fast. I know you people so well. Let's not even talk about it. Let's not even talk about it. We're here tonight to discuss the extraordinary progress we're making as a nation and how to ensure this amazing resurgence keeps on going and going strong. In just over two years, we've taken this big beautiful ship and it's being turned around very quickly. Nobody thought this would happen. You know we won the greatest election, certainly one of them, but maybe the greatest, but we won… let's say one of the greatest, this way I won't be criticized. They'll say, "You know, George Washington had a great election too." The fake news right. The fake news. But, we won one of the greatest elections in history and because of that, and you would be in big trouble if we didn't, I can tell you that. You'd be… Instead of going up we were heading in the wrong direction. We have the number one economy anywhere in the world. And every time I meet a foreign leader, almost every time, they say, "Congratulations on what you've done with the economy." I said, "I didn't do it. I just set a certain path. The people of the United States did it." Number one anywhere in the world. And they tried to do the recession thing. You know, they tried the Russia thing. That didn't work. They tried many other things. I always say, "The media and their partner, the Democrats." I wouldn't mind fighting the Democrats, but we really have to look at it as a two-some. It's the media and the Democrats. It's one and the same. We're rebuilding our military, defending our sovereignty and reclaiming our dignity as a nation. America is winning again and America is respected again. They respect America. By the way, I have about 10 women in the front row and you come from North Carolina and they travel all over the place. Hold up your hands. These are great women. I see them so much, and I must say they have other things to do. They look rich as hell to me, I don't know. How many is this? How many rallies have you come too? They can't count. They said all of them except for two. That's a lot of rallies and it all emanates from this area. That's so great. Well, at least you won't have to travel so far for this one, right? Thank you very much for being here. We really appreciate it. Well, we appreciate it. We appreciate it. Thank you. Really incredible people. But you know, we've created six million new jobs since election day and I couldn't say that in my initial rallies because nobody would have believed it. Six million new jobs. More Americans are working today than ever before in the history of our country. Almost 160 million Americans, nobody would have thought that was possible. We wouldn't have been able to say it actually. We've now had 13 straight months of wage gains of at least 3%, so the people that work so hard… You remember I used to say during the rallies before we won, people worked two jobs, three jobs and they made less money then they made 21 years before and now wages are going up, the economy is doing great and jobs have never been better. So importantly, more than 70 million Americans have been lifted off of food stamps. Nearly 600,000 Americans entered the labor force last month alone. Think of that. And the unemployment rate for African-Americans just reached another brand new, yesterday, all time low in the history of our country. How do you lose that debate? Remember I used to say, "Why do you have to lose?" Well, now you have the best unemployment numbers, employment and unemployment numbers, that you've ever had as African-Americans, as Asian-Americans, as Hispanic-Americans. The best numbers we've ever had, and by the way, African-American youth unemployment has also reached the lowest level ever recorded in history. And, the labor force participation rate for women is at the highest level now in 15 years, and soon will be 35 years, and soon, I promise, will probably end up being better than ever. I can tell you the unemployment numbers for women are the best they've been now in 72 years. So, I always say kiddingly, "I'm sorry I didn't make it historic," but you know what? It's going to be historic very soon. It'll be historic very soon. And, here in North Carolina, over 230,000 more people now have jobs and small business formation has skyrocketed by more than 25%. Amazing. But, the radical democrats want to dismantle, demolish, and destroy everything that you've gained, and they will do it, and it won't take that long. And, that's why we need Dan Bishop and Greg Murphy. We need them. We need them going down. We need them going down to congress and helping. But, they can do it. It's also why we need four more years. It has to… See, it's like a plant. We've changed things, right? Keep America Great. We've changed things, but it's gotta grow. It's gotta develop those roots. And, once it does, it's going to be very hard for them to destroy what we've done. Very hard. And, that's really why I consider this election… Look, we had a very, very special day in 2016. It was a very special day. Very special day. It was an incredible day, an incredible month, an incredible year, and I don't know that you can ever compare anything to it. But, I can say this, 2020 is essentially just as important, because they'll try and take it away. Whether it has to do with religion. Our evangelicals are here tonight, and they're all over the place. And, what we've done for them, and for religion, is so important. You know, the other side, I don't think they're big believers… They're not big believers in religion. That I can tell you. You listen to some of them. They're trying, and they're trying put out little statements. They're not working too well. Little statements that are a little bit, sort of, not too good, huh? What is the word we want to use? Yeah, a little… Nah. Nah. They're pushing a little hard, and it's not working. To stop the far left, you must vote in tomorrow's special election. So important. Or, get your votes in early. I think a lot of… Who voted early for Dan Bishop? Good. Well, that's good, but the big thing is tomorrow. Tomorrow is the election, and you'll get out. To protect your family, you must defeat open borders. And, you have Democrat named Dan McCready, and he wants open borders. He wants sanctuary cities. He's not going to protect your Second Amendment. He's doing nothing on your Sec… You know, North Carolina's a very big Second Amendment state. And, Dan Bishop, Greg Murphy, these guys, they're going to protect your Second Amendment. But, one of the biggest issues in this election is, in fact, sanctuary cities. McCready supports sanctuary city policies that force prisons and jails to release criminal aliens directly into your neighborhoods. Get out. Go ahead. Go into the neighborhood. Go into… What's your neighborhood. Where do you… What? Rutherford County! Okay. So, how do you feel about having them released, hardened, horrible criminals into Rutherford County? I don't think so. But, your whole state… Honestly… Can I be honest? It's crazy what's happening. This whole thing with sanctuary cities, and you go to California, which is so many sanctuary cities, they don't know what's happening out there. You have people that want to get ride of those sanctuary cities, they just aren't able to do it with the people that get elected. A lot of illegal voting going on out there, by the way, a lot of illegal voting. In August, McCready said it was "the right call to set illegal alien criminals loose in the great state…" I'm using the words great state. He doesn't. "… Of North Carolina." With the support and encouragement of McCready, sanctuary jurisdictions in North Carolina have released thousands of dangerous criminal aliens into your communities, and you see it. You see it. The charges against these freed criminals includes sexual assault, robbery, drug crimes, kidnapping, and homicide. Murder. Why would you do it? Why would you do it? What is it? Explain it. Just recently, Mecklenburg County set free an illegal alien charged with first-degree rape and crimes against a child. Support for sanctuary cities is disloyalty to American citizens, and McCready wants sanctuary cities with all of their protections for people that are serious criminals. Tomorrow is your chance to send a clear message to the America-hating left, and it's gotta be. And, by the way, we're building that wall, and it's going up very big. Very big. And, you think it's easy to get money when you have the entire Democrat party… And, they control the House, and we want to change that. We want to flip the house. We'll get so much. It'll be amazing what we can do for our country. We don't want dangerous criminal aliens roaming free in North Carolina. We want to take care of it. This state should be a sanctuary for law abiding Americans, not for criminal aliens. Our great Republican candidate, Dan Bishop, will fight with everything he has to stop sanctuary cities and defend the people of this great state. Dan, come on up. Dan Bishop, everyone. Get out and vote. Come on up, Dan. We need a doctor. A doctor in the house, please. A doctor, please. Doctor in the house. Thank you. Take your time, please. Take your time. We've got plenty of time. Thank you. Take your time. Thank you, Doctor. Take your time. People have been standing outside for two days to get in, so this happens. Thank you. Thank you, Doctor. Doing better? Good. That's good. That's good. That's great. That's really great. Thank you! Thank you, sir. Thank you. That's really great. Thank you very much. I guess Dan's speech wasn't so good. What do you think? That's great. Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you, Doctor. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, law enforcement. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, Dan. That was a good job. That was a good job. He means it, too. He's great. Go out and vote tomorrow for Dan Bishop, please. So, we've had great support over the last six months in particular from a man who happens to be your senator right now, and we need him to keep going, because he has been fantastic. And, I believe he's here tonight. I just came in. The weather wasn't so great to be traveling today, and they said, "Maybe we could skip North Carolina today, sir." So, I said, "No, thank you." I said, "No, thank you." Can you imagine? And, by the way, I have to say, we have a big crowd in here, right? You haven't seen outside. Thousands and thousands of people who couldn't get in. And, when people wait two or three days to come in and especially these first rows, I just want to tell you we really thank you. Incredible. But, Thom Tillis has really worked with us over the last period of time. He's recently introduced a bill to give American victims the right to sue sanctuary cities. That's a big deal. And hold them accountable for the lives that they've shattered. But, to pass the bill, we need more Republicans. Tomorrow there is another crucial special election, and we have a fantastic guy running in that one, too, Republican Greg Murphy. It looks like he's in good shape, but you've got to get it out. So, I want to introduce Thom Tillis, and I want to introduce Greg Murphy. I want to thank you both. Thank you. Thank you, Thom, and thank you, Greg. So, Greg Murphy is looking to, like Dan, cut your taxes, defend your Second Amendment, support our policies, really, really support our military and our veterans. We have rebuilt our military. Greg Murphy, come on up for a second here. Greg Murphy. Come up. Come up, Greg. Come on up, Greg. Come on up, Greg. Just for a second. Then, we'll get back to business. We've got to do this, and I don't know. He's been a great champ Thank you, Greg. Come. Please. Good luck tomorrow, Greg. Get out there and vote for those two guys. They're terrific. We're thrilled to be joined tonight by many more terrific Republican leaders. A man who's really been stepping up to the front. He defended Justice Kavanaugh when he was treated so badly. I've never seen anything like the treatment that Justice Kavanaugh received. And, everybody respects him, and everybody likes him. And, I like him, and we used to fight like hell, right? But, we don't fight anymore. We like each other a lot, and he's a special man. And, he's become a special friend. Senator Lindsay Graham. Another man who is a fighter… I guess we're all fighters. You have to be a fighter or you're not going to be here very long. I can tell you that. We've got to fight them more than anybody else. But, a man who's done an incredible job in Washington, took over a rough situation, and he's become a real leader, and that's Republican Leader, Kevin McCarthy. Kevin. Kevin's working so hard for so many different people. He wants to see Dan and Greg win so badly. Thank you for being here. Appreciate it, Leader. Representative David Rouzer. David, thank you. David Rouzer. He's done a fantastic job. Our lieutenant governor who is going to be, I think, a highly competitive candidate for a very important race, Dan Forest. Thank you, Dan. Thank you very much, Dan. We also have North Carolina Republican Party Chair, Michael Whatley. What a job you've done. And, we have a man from North Carolina who loves this state. He fights so hard. He doesn't know what it is not to fight. You know who I'm talking about? They got it, Mark. You're all screaming, "Mark Meadows." That's right. He's great. So many. Jim Jordan, Andy Biggs, Gaetz, and… I just got so… By the way, Devin Nunez. Devin Nunez. How about Devin? He was out there when it wasn't in vogue to be saying that Comey was a stone cold liar and leaker. But, he knew it all the time, Devin Nunez. But, Mark Meadows is pretty incredible, and do they love… … but Mark Meadows has been incredible, and do they love him in your state. Do they love Mark Meadows. Thank you Mark. Also a friend of mine who's been with us from the beginning, he's not a politician but he might as well be one. He loves us. He loves this party and he loves your state, lives here, Louis DeJoy. One of the most successful people. Thank you, Louis and your wife is… doing a great job Louis. And a very special thanks to my son, Don Junior and Kimberly. Great job. Did Don Junior give a good speech? I heard that. They all said, "He was on fire." Well, he's fighting. He loves this country. My son loves this country. My family loves this country, and two people, from your state, that the first lady, before she was first lady, she said, "You know, there are two people that are unbelievable. You've got to watch them." I said, "I'm not interested. I'm too busy." "No, no, no. You have to watch them. They're so great, they're so smart. They love the country, they love you." Diamond and Silk. They are incredible. Incredible people. Thank you very much. Thank you, what a job, and they're doing very well I have to tell you that. Our shared Republican agenda is pro-worker, pro-jobs, pro-family, pro-growth, and 100% pro-American. And by the way, so is Doug Collins, and so John Ratcliffe. Thank you fellows. Thank you. Two incredible fighters also. For decades our leaders put global interest and special interest ahead of your interest. You know that better than anybody, and this state knows it better than anybody. They traded away your factories, sold your future, squandered your tax dollars, sacrificed your security, and bogged us down in one foreign debacle after another. But all of that is changed. We're respected again. They're all saying, "Oh, gee. I hope he doesn't do this or that." They've taken advantage of us for years, and I have to say sadly, in many cases it's our allies that took the greatest advantage of this country. But now you finally have a president who understands that I'm not supposed to be the president of the world, I'm supposed to be the President of the United States of America. To bring back our jobs for other countries, we passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. We've cut a record number of job killing regulations. No president, no longer how long they serve, has gotten anywhere even close to what we've done with regulations, and that's one of the reasons our economy is so good. And we have tremendous potential upward, and China wants to talk. They want to talk. China's lost three million jobs, thousands of companies are leaving China, the supply chain is crumbling because they can't pay the tariffs, and our country has taken over things that you would've never thought. As an example, hundreds of billions of dollars have been and are coming into our country in the form of tariffs, and China is eating the cost, which the fake news doesn't want to tell you. And out of the tens of billions of dollars that we've taken in, because of the fact that our great American patriot farmers have been targeted by China, they've been targeted, because they know the farmer is like Trump. I love the farmers. So they targeted the farmers, and I said to Sonny Perdue, Secretary of Agriculture, "Sonny, how much was it, last year and the year before? Tell me." It was $12 billion and it was $16 billion, and out of the tariffs that we've taken in, we gave to our farmers for distribution, hopefully very good distribution, hopefully very even distribution, we've given them $28 billion so that they're whole. So that they're whole. Nobody would ever do that. Nobody would ever do that, I can tell you that right now, and our farmers know we have to fight. I see it all the time, where some of the networks that are crazy, they have a group of farmers, in some cases they have groups of women, they say, "What do you think of President Trump?" "We like him a lot. We're with him all the way." And they want to turn off the cameras. They go crazy, but with the farmers you know that. You ever see that? The 10 women. "What do you think of President Trump?" "We love him!" Boy would I like to put you on television, I'll tell you right now, and they can't turn off those cameras fast enough, but they say to the farmers, "You voted for President Trump, are you happy?" And ever one of them said, "He did things that no ones ever done before." Who would think of getting 12 billion plus 16 million, $28 billion, because they've been targeted. That's the amount I asked Sonny, I said Sonny, "What's the amount they've took our of our farmers?" "It was 16 billion and the year before 12." And said Sonny, "We got to make that up," and we made that up. Who would do that? Nobody would do that. First of all, nobody else ever had tens of billions of dollars pouring in from China because it's always been the other way around. China has taken advantage of our country for decades, decades. And I guarantee you one thing, none of these Democrats, whether it's Pocahontas or Sleepy Joe, none of them would be able to do a thing about it, and nobody would ever think of helping the farmers who have been targeted by China. China made $500 billion over the last number of years, on a yearly basis, they steal our intellectual property. So many other things. So now it's just different, and now it's working the other way, and tariffs are a beautiful thing when you know how to use them, they're a beautiful thing. And I want China to do well, and I hope they do well, but they've had now the worst year in 57 years. I wonder why? I wonder why? And hopefully it'll all work out. We'll see. We're going to be talking next week. We're talking now. They're going to be coming to the United States in two or three weeks, and we'll see what happens, but unless we're going to make a good deal or a fair deal for our country, let's face it, we can not go back to a situation. We're giving hundreds of billions of dollars to China becomes standard fare. Not going to happen, we can't do it, and we have many other countries also, but we'll worry about them a little bit later. Plenty of others, they've taken advantage of our country like you wouldn't believe, and I've been saying this for many years. I was saying this when I was a private citizen. They take our jobs, they make our product, they sell the product into our country with no tax, no nothing. So we end up with closed factories, no jobs, no taxes, no nothing, and these other countries gain. As an example, Mexico, I must say they've really helped us at the border. The Democrats will not doing anything about these horrible open loopholes, which would be so good. So we're doing it a different way, and Mexico is now patrolling with 27,000 troops. They've never had two troops steward our border, and you saw the numbers today were down approximately 57%. But our country could fix it so easy if the Democrats would sit with me for 15 minutes, but they don't want to do that because they want to have open borders. They want to have drugs pouring into our country. You have to have a wall and you have to stop it, and when you look at what's happening with human trafficking, and it's mostly women, they traffic in women and they pour through our borders. Well, every inch of wall that we put up is vital and we're putting up miles and miles, and we intend by next year, at the end of the year, to have anywhere between 400 and 500 miles of wall built, and this is serious wall. This is the real deal. Serious wall. And I want to thank our new Secretary of Defense, Mark Esper, for the job he's done and he views it really as a national security threat, and you have to. What can be much more threatening that people that want to pour across our borders, and we have the worst walls, we have the weakest walls in the history of any country? You can't do anything to stop them. You have program, catch and release. You catch them and then you have to release them, and they're suppose to come back to court in the next three, four, fix, six years, and nobody shows up, and Democrats don't want to fix it. So we're stopping them, so we don't even have to worry about court. We ended the last administrations cruel war on American energy. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. And for all of these crazy people, but they're not so crazy, they know what they're doing, that talk about Russia, Russia, Russia. Russia's not too happy about that. Their primary source of income is oil and gas, and now we're bigger than Russia, bigger than Saudi Arabia. We're bigger than everybody, and we're doing great. So they're not exactly happy. The Russian Hoax, was a pure hoax, you saw that with Comey the other day. Yet every leading Democrat running for president pledges to ban the energy that drives our economy, and wage an under… If you look at what's going on your way of life is under assault by these people. I mean, I go out and sometimes I'll get these huge audiences, and I wish we could've gotten a large arena than this. We tried. I was even willing to stand out in the rain and get my hair soaking wet, but they said it was a little bit out of your district, and I said, "I don't know if it looks good being out of your district." But I was willing to do it, I would've taken it. I would have been very proud to have done it. It would've shown it's my real hair at least. It wouldn't be pretty, but it's my hair. May not be great, but I will say it's better than most of my friends who are the same age. A lot better. A lot! But we had a different location, as you all know, and we said, "Let's do this one. It's bigger." And we put screens outside for all of the people. We have screens and loud speakers and everything. It's really amazing what's going on out there, but after years of building up there countries, we are finally building up our country, that's the bottom line. The last administration, with Biden and Obama at the helm, they tried to ram through one of the worst trade deals that ever been negotiated, the Transpacific Partnership. You could've kissed many of your industries goodbye. TPP would've gutted the American auto industry. It would've been even worse than NAFTA, and we know how bad NAFTA was. All you have to do, is even to this day, look around at all those empty plants where people moved down and companies moved down to Mexico. Not under the USMCA. We got to get Nancy Pelosi to put it in for a vote, make it bipartisan. She'll have tremendous Democrat support. The farmers want it, the unions want it, the manufacturers want it, and by the way, 600,000 manufacturing jobs in this country, remember? You would need a magic wand. You can't do that anymore. Well, we did it, but we've got to get USMCA put up for a vote by the Democrats. But in my first week in office I proudly withdrew from that job destroying TPP catastrophe, and we're replacing one of the worst trade deals ever made by any country. You can go back as far as you want, NAFTA, the disaster of NAFTA. So whatever you do, start talking to your people, we need a vote on the USMCA. That's United States, Mexico, and Canada, and they've already voted. They want it and we want it, and it's great for the farmers. It's great for everybody. We're also aggressively combating a problem that you have in North Carolina, problem that we have in almost all states, the opioid epidemic. Last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths in nearly 31 years. At the center of the American drug crisis is the border crisis. Criminal cartel smuggle vast quantities of lethal narcotics across our souther border, including heroin, meth, cocaine, and fentanyl. 100,000 people a year die from what comes across our souther border, and we can get the Democrats to help us in sealing it even tighter. We got to get them. We got to get them. We got to get them. So if you want to stop the drug smugglers, the human traffickers, the viscous MS13 gang members, and by the way thank you to ICE. These people go into those nests, we call them nets. These are vicious, vicious people. We got into the nests with our ICE people, and for them it's another day at the office. There aren't too many people in this room that want to do it for a living. Let me see. That guy would. Maybe him, maybe her, right? Maybe her. But it's a rough job and they get so little praise for the job that they do. So dangerous. These are many killers in those gangs, and we're taking them out of our country by the thousands, MS13. And as you know, Democrats even want to give free healthcare to illegal immigrants. As long as I'm your president I will never, ever let Democrats take away your healthcare, and give it away free to people that have entered our country illegally. We can't do that. It's a tremendous incentive to come in. Democrats also want to bring in unlimited numbers of foreign refugees from overseas, all at the expense of supporting their own communities. Republicans, no matter what you do, where you are, we want people to obey our laws. You want people that are going to help our country. The Democrat party has never been farther outside of the mainstream. Every major Democrat running for president supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid Medicare, force private doctors out of medicine, and lead to the rationing of life saving treatments. And they want to take away your private healthcare, your private insurance. 180 million people will lose with what they want to do. It's a disaster. It's like, did you ever really feel where you don't even have to treat people nicely? You don't have any choice, you have to vote for me. I can leave right now. I can say, "North Carolina, I've had it with you. I'm leaving right now." And you know what? You got to go out and vote. What are you going to do? Put one of these crazy people running our country again? But it's never been so far left. I told a story the other day about a business man I saw, one of the biggest in the country. You probably know his name. He's hated me for 20 years, and I've hated him also. Okay? Now they're going to go out tomorrow, "Breaking news, Donald Trump hates people." You're sort of right about that. I never liked this guy, and I see him in the White House, and I say, "What are you doing here?" And he goes, "Mr. President." See now he calls me Mr. President. He used to call me something else. "Mr. President, I'm fighting for your victory." I said, "You got to be kidding." He goes, "Honestly, you're doing a great job, but also if this radical left gets in they're going to take away everything, and they're going to destroy our country." And for the first time I like this guy. My administration is defending your right to choose the plan and the doctor that is best for you. Remember President Obama? 28 times, remember 28 times, they counted them and there's much more than that I would imagine, that you can choose your plan, you can choose your doctor. It didn't work out that way, did it? Obamacare, and we're keeping Obamacare alive. We got rid of the individual mandate, the worst part of Obamacare. We're keeping it and running it as well as it can, but the premiums are too high. The deductibles are through the roof. It's ridiculous, and we're coming up with Lindsey Graham and all of the folks, we're coming up with a great healthcare plan that if we take back to the house. That's why Dan and Greg, if we take back the House, if we keep the Senate, and maybe even increase it a little bit, wouldn't be bad, and on the assumption we keep the presidency, you're going to have great healthcare. Thank you. We almost had it. We had a man campaigning for eight years to knock out Obamacare, and when he voted it didn't work out that way, did it? We had it, and we would have had it, but we're going to end up actually with a better plan. Sometimes through adversity things work out better. We're going to end up with a better plan, you watch. We'll always protect patients with pre-existing conditions also. Always, yep, my word. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in more than 51 years. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion. Ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up to the moment of birth, and if you look at the governor of Virginia, he was even talking about essentially you would say an execution. He was talking after the baby is born, the doctor will talk to the mother and they'll make the decision as to whether or not that baby lives. This is a radical Democrat idea. That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, and socialism. They're socialists. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream. Every day they're making good on the motto, "Promise made, promises kept." In fact, we are keeping even more promises by far than we made, or than we promised. So many more. So many more. So many more. You know what we did with respect to people that are very sick or terminally ill, right? Right to try it's called. I love that name. Right to try. We have some of the greatest doctors in the world, labs in the world, hospitals in the world, and we have incredible medicine that's prohibited from being used until it gets approval, and sometimes that approval can take many years. And I said, "Wait a minute, if a person is sick… " And they've been trying to get this for 45 years. I said, "If a person is sick, and maybe terminally ill, why aren't we letting them try this new technology?" And so many things are happening, and we did Right to Try. And it wasn't easy, but I was helped by Lindsey and a lot of great people. A lot of great people. All of them helped. Mark helped so much. All of them help. Rick. We have had a tremendous success. We had so many people wanting to help, but it was complicated believe it not because the country didn't want the liability. I said, "You know what you do? You draw up an agreement taking away liability." They said, "That's a good idea." The insurance companies and the drug companies were very unsure. This has been going on for many years. I got it done. The results have been unbelievable. Right to Try. Things that we've never even talked about we're getting done. Maybe one of the biggest things is within about a month, we'll have close to 180 federal judges, including the public division judges. Including two great new Supreme Court Justices. Justice Neil Gorsuch, and Justice Brett Cavanaugh, who they put through hell. We passed something that they've wanted to do for half a century. We passed VA Choice. So when your great and honored veterans are waiting in line for three weeks, four weeks, five days, 10 days, two months, they go to a private doctor, we pay for the bill, and they get themselves taken care of, instead of dying, which was happening. And we also passed VA Accountability on behalf of our great veterans. That means when they treat our veterans, and they wouldn't have done it in primetime I can tell you, but when they treat our sick and trouble veterans badly we can say, "You're fired. Get the heck out." It's called VA Accountability. That's another one we've been trying, and in all fairness the unions made it very tough. Civil service made it almost impossible. Everyone said, "You're never going to get it done." We got it done. We want to thank the Republican Senate. I want to thank some incredible people in the House of Representatives, and Kevin I want to thank you… … people in the House of Representatives. And Kevin, I want to thank you because that was a great job you did on that one. That was a great job, thank you, Kevin McCarthy. We've received record funding for the US military, 700 billion last year, 716 billion dollars this year, 738 billion dollars … And you know, know I'm a big believer in budgets but we have no choice. We had to rebuild our military with all that's going on today with China, with Russia, with radical Islam, with everything that's happening, we had to do something. And you know, budgets are fine, I love budgets and we will get to that, don't worry about it. But we had to rebuild, our military was totally depleted, it was totally depleted. We have beautiful new F-35's, F-18's, new ships, new missiles, new rockets, we have new everything. I came back with Admiral Brown, the United States Coast Guard and some of the other folks, and they were saying that the new Coast Guard cutters … How good a job has the Coast Guard done during these hurricanes? And I said, "Admiral, how good are the new Coast Guard cutters?" He said, "They're the finest in the world, sir." And they had old broken equipment that they had to keep going on a shoestring. They have brand new Coast Guard cutters. We had to do it, we had to do it. There's always time for the other but we had to do it. We've rebuilt our military, we've taken care of the great people that work in our military. We gave them a raise, a beautiful raise they were so entitled to. And I also got other NATO members to pay an additional 100 billion dollars over the last year and a half that they weren't paying, they were delinquent. We're supposed to protect them and they don't pay, I say you can't do that. You can't do that, you got to pay, NATO. Now we're finally making immensely wealthy countries pay the cost of their defense, we're negotiating with a lot of them. Think of it, we have these immensely wealthy countries and they're paying for a fraction of our cost to defend them. How did that happen? And do you know what the biggest excuse is when I go to them and I'll say, "King, you got to pay," or, "Mr. Prime minister, you got to pay," or, "Mr. President, you've got to pay," you know? It's costing us billions of dollars to protect these wealthy. You know what their biggest thing is? Because I can't understand how we did this for so many years, decades, decades … "You have been defending all of …" I won't mention names because I don't want to embarrass anybody. I don't want to, forget it, some of the wealthiest countries in the world. And when I say, "King, President, Prime Minister, Queen," no matter what I say, you know what they say? "But nobody's ever asked us to do that before," that's the only excuse. Because I say to them, "Why would we do this? Why are we defending you? You're immensely wealthy, you compete with us on trade." We have lousy trade deals that we are renegotiating many of them and ultimately all of them. "Why are we protecting you, Mr. President?" "Well, I don't know, I don't know." But you know what their answer is? "Because you've always done it." That's not a great answer. So we're taking in billions and billions but I've got 100 billion dollars and the Secretary General of NATO, Stoltenberg, is my biggest fan. He said, "Until President Trump, you had to see the data across the spending was going like this." And ours was going like this, we were defending many countries that treat us very badly on trade and very unfairly. We were defending them and now it's changing, around 100 billion dollars, they're not happy. And then I read where Obama is more popular in Germany than Trump. He's got to be, I'm making people pay their bills, he's got to be. You know, the day that I'm more popular than him, I'm not doing my job. The big story, they like him more in Europe than they like Trump. I think they should. 100 billion dollars more they're paying. To protect America's security, I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran Nuclear Deal. We paid them 150 billion dollars for that piece of work. I withdrew it and we put sanctions all over the place and they're a much different country and let's see what happens. But I can tell you they'd like to get back to business because they're not doing very well. When I came into office, Iran was a real terror. 18 sites of confliction, they were behind every one of them in the Middle East. And who knows, could have been elsewhere. And I said we're not going to do it, 150 billion dollars President Obama paid and 1.8 billion in cash. Whoever saw a million dollars piled up as a promotion? In hundred dollar bills, it's a lot. Now take a million dollars and make it 1.8 billion dollars in cash. I'm actually more impressed with that number than 150 billion dollars, you want to know the truth. 1.8 billion dollars in cash and we got taken to the cleaners so I terminated the deal. And I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem which every president said they would do. And I also approved for Israel the Golan Heights and if you really think about it, I said to people, "What's more important, the Golan Heights or the capital of Jerusalem by moving our embassy there?" He said, "Neither, sir. What you've done in Iran is more important than both of them." I said, "You know, I guess you're right when you think about it." So we've done a good job, all of us together, as a movement we've done a great job for Israel. For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for america and we are standing up for the people of North Carolina. You must never forget that the 2020 election is about one thing thing, you. It's true, it's not about me, it's about you. It's about your family, your future and the fate of your country. That's what we did in 2016, they came from the hills and valleys, they came from the cities, they came from all over the place and people were saying, these fakers back there, they were saying, "What the hell is happening?" But I knew it was going to happen because we go out and we see these rallies, the likes of which no one has ever seen before ever, ever, ever in politics, ever in politics. A vote for any Democrat in 2020 and a vote for any Democrat tomorrow in North Carolina is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and a destruction of the American dream. We are entering this campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda and the only positive vision for the people of North Carolina. And I've said it and I say it loudly and proudly, I don't believe there's been any president or any administration that has done more in 2.5 years then we have as a group in America. When you add it all up, nobody's done what we have. Our first task is a giant victory. Tomorrow, right here in the great state of North Carolina with your support, tomorrow we take the first steps to firing Speaker Pelosi and winning back the House in 2020. We need everybody to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors and get out and vote for Dan Bishop and get out and vote for Greg Murphy, you got to get out tomorrow and vote. Together we will lift millions more from our horrible, horrible situations that have developed over the years. Look at what's happening to Democrat-run cities, every single one of them. We are going to lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. With your help, we will elect for Republicans to Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration. We will enact great deals that result in more products probably stamped with the four beautiful words made in the USA, made in the USA. You want made in America, I don't care, what do you like better? Made in america or made in the USA? Go ahead. Wait, ready? You want made in America then made in the USA. What do you like better, made in America, made in the USA? Okay, I think we know that answer. So in 2016 we had in my opinion the greatest phrase in the history of politics, make America great again. Now we are within moments hopefully of having, despite what you heard a few weeks ago, where we were heading. And they're going, "Please, please let there be a recession, please." They're willing to give up their results because they think it will help them win the election. They're not going to win the election. Don't forget, we are doing this and still fighting the unfairness of China and other countries on trade. What happens when that gets fixed and other things get fixed? We're setting new records and we're fighting trade deals and we're fighting military deals that are unfair to our country. Think what happens when it all gets fixed, We have ourselves a country that's going to be so strong. But we had a phrase, make what? Make America great again, the best. I think it was maybe the greatest, 2016, but we've done a lot and now they're very close to setting a new … I think it's the 118th time that we will have set a new record with the stock market, right? Many, many times, many, many times. I can't be certain that many but it's a lot, okay? I always have to preface it because there'll be headlines, Trump didn't tell the truth. So I've always got to be extremely cautious. We had the greatest phrase of all time and even the fake news media would agree, make America great again, MAGA country, make America great again. Now we still have a year and a half, little bit less, can you believe it? Can you believe it? I stood in the White House with the first lady that first night and I said, "Wow, look at this. That's the bedroom of Abraham Lincoln," you have to see this. It's so perfectly done, it's so the way it was. We announced it in front of the press and in 2026. And I said, "Well, wait a minute, under the normal rules I will be out in 2024 so we may have to go for an extra term." Oh, they're going crazy. Tomorrow, you will see headlines, Trump wants an extra term, I told you, I told you. He wants an extra term, ladies and gentlemen. We told you, we told you he's a dictator, we told you. No, no, I'm only kidding, I'm only kidding. But we actually have the World Cup, it's the biggest sporting event in the world and we got it. And that's where we're working it also with Mexico and Canada to give them some of the games. We've got a great relationship with the World Cup, it's a big deal. Bob Kraft helped me with the New England Patriots people. Tom Brady had a pretty good game the other night, right? They have a good a coach, whether you like it or not, and I know you, North Carolina. But how good a coach, in all fairness here, is Coach Belichick? How good is he? I know you want to be cool but he's pretty good. We have to appreciate genius, we all like genius. But we are going to achieve new breakthroughs in science, medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending within 10 years the AIDS epidemic in America. That's shocking to hear that but we can do it, we're going to do it, definitely. Incredible, the strides that we have made. We will defeat the Democrats to drive up the cost of houses, cars, healthcare and education by liberating Americans from their analysts' push for a job killing, soul crushing Washington regulations. As an example, we're trying to get the car companies, going to give them a little bit of extra energy and they will be able to build a car that consumers can buy which will be better than the car they make today. And you'll save 3,500 dollars, think of that. It will be safer, it will be better, you can save 3,500 dollars, it will be less costly. And we're going to try to get that done. And then they were forcing you to buy light bulbs that cost a fortune, so I signed something a couple days ago that gives you the right to continue to use the incandescent light bulbs, I don't know about you, much less expensive lights that are beaming down over us. But you know, somebody told me that as you know, they're much more expensive bulbs than for what you save. But they said that if the bulb break, it's considered almost like the waste site. It's very big, the bulbs, the new bulbs, they're very dangerous with all of the gases. And I said, "What's the point?" Well, then he said, "Well, I'm saying if we continue that production, they can buy whatever they want to buy but it can really save a tremendous amount of money and even have a light that's better." And there is a big danger, in fact they have labels, don't break this bulb. What do you do, you're going to throw it away? I promise I won't break it, all the new ones. So you can hopefully buy the new ones but you can buy the old ones too and you can save a lot of money and you could even look better. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America, we'll be one united nation. We'll support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement, thank you, law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way like you. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust, it'll stay there. We stand on the shoulders of American patriots who crossed the ocean, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two world wars wars, defeated fascism and communism, put a man on the moon and built the most exceptional country in the history of the world. We are great Americans and the future belongs to us. The future belongs to you. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and I'd like to fight a little less with these people but they just don't stop. They just keep coming at you in waves. They are unfortunately not the best people. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, we're going to keep on winning. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, we may have right now the greatest economy in the history of our nation. And ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come. Together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again, we will. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you.