I want to thank you very much. North Carolina, thank you very much. I'm thrilled to back in the great city of Charlotte, where, by the way, we're having our convention. I guess you heard that, right? With thousands of hardworking American patriots who love our country, cherish our values, respect our laws and always put America first. Eight months from now, we're going to defeat the radical socialists. We're going to win the great state of North Carolina in a landslide. We won it last time, we're going to win it this time by even more. And you know, Eric and Lara named their daughter, you know what her name is? Carolina, Carolina. Her name is Carolina for a reason. This is an incredible time for our nation. Our country is stronger than ever before. And today, we just had the largest one day increase in the stock market in history. That's great. That's great. That was great. You know, our opponents were saying, " Oh, maybe he's in trouble, maybe the economy … " They'll do anything. They'll do anything. I'm sure they were thrilled. Do you think our opponents were thrilled when they saw the stock market today? I don't think so. By the way, look at this. Look back there, look at all of that press. Look at all them. Man, I don't know if Sleepy Joe, or Bernie, I don't think they have that much press. Bernie was going wild. Why would I be here tonight? Why would I be here? He said why would I be here tonight? We don't have the primary, we've already won the thing, you know? I was going to say the you know what thing, I held it back, because they'll say, "Horrible language. He used horrible language today." But we're doing fantastically. There's never been a time where the Republican Party was so unified as it is now. Never, never. And you hear about enthusiasm for crazy Bernie, and that's true, he does have some enthusiasm, but much less than we have and a much smaller group of people, too. And there's not a lot of enthusiasm for Biden. I thought he gave up the presidency the other day because he said he's running for the Senate. I looked at the First Lady, I said, " Hey, he's running for the Senate." And today he just said Super Thursday, he's looking forward to Super Thursday. Jobs are booming in our country, incomes are soaring, poverty has plummeted, confidence is surging, and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of a thing called the United States military. Every day, for me and for you, it's promises made, promises kept. One of the most important promises I made is right to this era. You know, we look at it, it's the never ending wars in the Middle East. We're taking our soldiers, we're bringing them back home. We're not law enforcement. We're bringing them back home. American troops cannot be the policemen for the world, or to create democracy in other nations that frankly probably don't want it. The job of the American military is to secure and defend our country. Two days ago, the Unites States signed a deal with the Taliban so that after 19 years of conflict, and very close to 20, we can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home. After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation and taking care of our own American citizens And all of the things that we've done, we've wiped out the terrorists, we've done so much, and you know what? We're 8,000 miles away. You got a lot of big countries surrounding Afghanistan, you've got Afghanistan itself. The progress that was made, was made possible by the extraordinary valor of our men and our women in uniform. You know that. We pay a special tribute, and I know you pay it, a special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice. As we bring back our troops, we are committed to ensuring that foreign terrorists are denied admission to America in the first place. They're not coming here, and if they do, bad things happen to them. We must keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. By the way, I have to say this, you know you have thousands and thousands of people outside. Somebody was saying that if Pocahontas, any one of them, Sleepy Joe, he doesn't have that, so he doesn't have a lot, he has very small crowds, but if Sleepy Joe or if any of them had a crowd one-tenth this size, they go around talking about how big the crowd. They never say that. Hey, take your cameras and spin them around this big arena. Right now. Spin them around. No fun to be a protestor at a Trump rally, but do we have a great time at a Trump rally? My administration has also taken the most aggressive action in modern history to protect Americans from the Coronavirus. You know about this whole thing? Horrible. Including, sweeping travel restrictions. Today, we met with the big great pharmaceutical companies, and they're really working hard, and they're working smart, and we had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies. They're going to have vaccines I think relatively soon. And they're going to have something that makes you better, and that's going to actually take place we think even sooner. So a lot of good things are happening, but we have strong borders, and really, our tough and early actions have really been proven to be 100% right. We went out, we're doing everything in our power to keep the sick and infected people from coming into our country. We're working on that very hard. We closed our borders very early. I took a lot of heat for that. Remember when I closed the borders to certain areas of the world? I took a lot of heat. But there are fringe globalists who would rather keep our borders open than keep our infection, think of it, keep all of the infection, let it come in. And we're working with other countries. In all fairness, look, it's a problem, we're working with other countries. Remember this, over the last long period of time, the flu, the common flu, you know this, right? From 27,000 to 70,000 people get infected, and many people die. Think of it, 27,000. You lose 27,000 people to the common flu. It can be much more. One year was much higher than the 70,000 number. Those people died. So when you lose 27,000 people a year, nobody knew that. I didn't know that. Three, four weeks ago, I was sitting there, I said, "What do we lose with the regular flu?" They said, "About 27,000 minimum, goes up to 70, sometimes even 80, one year it went up to 100,000 people." I said, "Nobody told me that. Nobody knows that." Last year was approximately 36,000 people died. So we're working hard on it, and we're going to come up with some really great solutions. In the meantime, we're stopping … Only in North Carolina. Only in North Carolina. It can only be. How many people here are from South Carolina, by the way? All right, we love both places. But that was from North Carolina. But just to finish up, so we've made a lot of progress, we've really done a great job with it. We're keeping our borders strong. My job is to protect the health of American patients and Americans first, and that's what I'll do. Washington Democrats are trying to politicize the coronavirus, denigrating the noble work of our public health professionals. But honestly, not so much anymore. Everyone appreciates, these are the greatest professionals in the world at what they do. We're actually helping a lot of other countries where they have some very, very big problems. So we have our professionals in constant touch, I'm in constant touch with some of the leaders and helping them out. But the political attacks from some of the Democrats really must stop. We've got to all work together on this one to safeguard our people. We're going to safeguard our people, the United States. The United States is, right now, ranked by far number one in the world for preparedness. Earlier today, when I met with the pharmaceutical companies, things were discussed and learned honestly. The media didn't know. Nobody knew. They've never heard this before. And we learned a lot, and maybe that had the impact on the stock market. Who knows what happened, but we're going to reduce and the severity of what's happening, the duration of the virus. We discussed all of these things. We will bring these therapies to market as rapidly as possible. And I have to say, with a thriving economy the way it is, and the most advanced health system on earth, America is so resilient, we know what we're doing, we have the greatest people on earth, the greatest health system on earth. We have the greatest health system on earth. The renewal of American strength over the last three years means at times of challenge, we are the best prepared to rise to any occasion. No country is better equipped than America to handle new threats, and no people are more skilled, talented, tough, or driven than Americans. And together, we are in the midst of the great American comeback. That's what it is. Last month, we added 225,000 new jobs in January alone. That makes seven million jobs since the election. We have destroyed the ISIS territorial caliphate, and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al-Baghdadi. He is dead. And we took out the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani, ending his evil reign on terror forever, Soleimani. While the extreme left has been wasting time with vile hoaxes and delusional witch hunts, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, and lifting up American citizens of every race, religion, color, and creed. Tomorrow, voters in states across the nation will head to the polls for Super Tuesday, not Super Thursday. No, he said, "Super Thursday." You can't do these things. Can you imagine if I said Super Thursday? It would be over, right? I would be over. No matter how good you are at certain things, you can't, as an example, a name like Sleepy Joe, he's constantly naming the wrong state. "It's great to be in the state of Ohio." No, no, no, I'm sorry, you're in North Carolina. No, no. Joe! Do you ever see them run up with a sign, "No, no, North Carolina, Joe!" Once that happens, you might as well leave the states, because it's a disaster no matter how good you're doing. We're in North Carolina! It's great to be in Idaho! No, you're in Iowa. Nah, he makes a lot of those mistakes, they're a little scary? We're going to protect your second amendment, you understand that. But did you see, Sleepy Joe, did you see Sleepy Joe, where he said, "Last year, 150 million people were killed by guns in our country." 150 million! That means 50% of our country. That's a big story. 150. Can you imagine Trump saying that? These people would never let me live it down. We can't make even a little mistake. We can't make even a little, tiny, tiny mistake. If we make a tiny mistake, it's headlining. They say things like 150 million people killed, guns, they say Super Thursday, they say Georgia, he's looking forward to winning Georgia tomorrow. Georgia's not in Super Tuesday! So many mistakes! You can't do that when you're negotiating with China. Can't do that when you're negotiating with these countries, can you? Those mistakes would be very tremendous. Then you have Mini Mike. You see this guy? Can you believe it? Mini Mike. He's being interviewed tonight on Fox. Can you believe it? Fox. They want to be politically correct. They want to interview, they end up interviewing more Democrats than Republic … I don't know what's going on with Fox. But they're interviewing this guy the night before … Mini Mike, ay, ay, ay, what a mess he is. The worst debate performance in the history of presidential debate history. The worst in history. Nah, I got to have more. I'd get down real low, but I don't want to copy him. Everybody saw it. Everyone said, "Oh," they all say, "Oh! Do that again where you get down low." But if I do that again, it's a copy. It's a copy! No, no. No. You never like to copy, even though you're copying yourself. You don't like to copy. You do it once. It was a big hit. But you do it once, and you sort of say, "That was nice, don't do it again," because if it doesn't work the second time, it gets embarrassing, right? Right? We all know. But no, he's a disaster waiting to happen. He's a mess. No matter which Democrat candidate you're talking about, and you understand that, any one of these candidates … And you see what's happening, right? It's being rigged against … It's sad. It's being rigged against Crazy Bernie. Crazy Bernie is going to go crazy. Crazy. I think Crazy Bernie is going to be more crazy when they see what they're doing. I called it a long time ago. Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Buttigieg, May Pete, he quit. Out last night. Then I hear a Senator from a state we're going to win, we're going to win that state, but she dropped out. Sounds like they made a deal. They both supported Sleepy Joe. You know why? They made a deal. You know why? Quid pro quo, that's why. Don't care. Quid pro quo. Quid pro quo, they made a deal. Impeach them! They should be impeached! They should be impeached! Quid pro quo. But they've embraced an extreme left wing agenda. Their plans would massively raise your taxes, destroy our liberty, muzzle our faith, and erase our sovereignty. You know that. The Democrat Party has gone crazy. Whether it's Bernie Sanders plan to eliminate private healthcare, Elizabeth Pocahontas's plan … By the way, she's history. She's history. I came up with that name far too early, I should've just waited. But it didn't matter. I thought she was making a come back. I said, "Wow, I just did it to her." But you know those embers were burning a little bit a couple of months ago? They never caught on. In fact, she'll probably lose the State of Massachusetts to Bernie. So she doesn't know what to do because you're not supposed to lose the State of Massachusetts if you get in there. She's the Senator. She's the Senator for Massachusetts, I think she's going to lose it to Bernie. And Miss Michigan, you see what's going on over there? Michigan, we're leading. We're leading in Wisconsin. We're leading in Florida. We're leading in the last election. Hey, how great was the 2016 election? One of the greatest nights, one of the most highest rated television nights in the history of television. And remember, there was oh, this is going to be a quick one. This is going to be… oh, that wasn't so easy for them. I love the scene. The scene of that convention center where Hillary was getting ready to speak, and then she found out she lost. But Elizabeth Warren's here to plan to eliminate our borders, or Mini Mike's plan to eliminate your second amendment. Mike Bloomberg wants to eliminate your second amendment. Don't worry about it, it's not going to happen. Not going to happen for him. For sleepy Joe, he doesn't even know where he is, what he's doing, or what office he's running for. Actually, I honestly don't think he knows what office he's running for. And it doesn't matter. Maybe he gets in, because he's a little more moderate. So maybe he gets in. But he's not going to be running it. Other people are going to. They're going to put him into a home, and other people are going to be running the country. But they're going to be super left radical crazies. They're going to be super left radical crazies, Joe's going to be in a home. He'll be watching television. Everything will be just fine. The insanity of Washington Democrats is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement. They are joining our great Republican party. We have the enthusiasm in our party. No, I really mean it. I constantly hear about the enthusiasm. They're fighting each other, they hate each other, they don't know what's going on. We have all the love, we have all the enthusiasm, and we know what we're doing. We know what we're doing. So we're thrilled to be joined tonight by many really great, terrific, brilliant, wonderful warriors. Even though he comes from a slightly different state, but not to far by, is somebody that really has distinguished himself, he's become a great friend of mine. What he did for Justice Kavanaugh, do you remember that? One of the greatest statements ever made in the United State's Senate, Senator Lindsey Graham. Come on up, Lindsey. Lindsey Graham, come on up, Lindsey. Come here, Lindsey. I got to have him say something, come here, Lindsey, great guy. They handle pressure so well. They came and we gave a rally that was like this and Dan Bishop and Gregg Murphy won by so much, it wasn't even close. They're great people, and they've done a fantastic job. Thank you very much. They handle pressure. They were under a lot of pressure, they handled it well. It's nice to know people can handle pressure, there aren't too many of them. North Carolina Republican party chairman Michael Whatley. Thank you, Michael. I have a few great friends of mine and they love North Carolina. Louis DeJoy, who you know, Louis DeJoy. Two great people, diamond and silk. Right? Diamond and silk. We love them. You know the first lady, a long time ago now, right? How long is that? Probably almost almost five years ago, she said, "There are these two women on the internet, they're unbelievable. They're unbelievable." I said, "Oh, I know, I hear that all the time. I hear it all the time." She said, the next day she came again. She said, "I saw them again, they're unbelievable." I said, "Let me see." I saw them, I fell in love with it, and everybody fell in love with Diamond and Silk. So thank you. Some people that have really been helpful to me, Corey Lewandowski, David Bussey, and Pam Bondi, right here. Thanks also to all of the people who are working to make the 2020 Republican National Convention right here in Charlotte an outstanding success, RNC chairman Ronna McDaniel, RNC co chairman Tommy Hicks, and Convention president Marcia Lee Kelly, thank you all. You're doing a great job, I'll tell you they're looking, they're going to spend a lot of money and doing a good job. Should we doing a great job, but just an okay job? It doesn't matter as long as you win. You know what I gave when we won last time, somebody else took them to convention center, spent a fortune and I just took a hotel ballroom. I said, "What the heck, if I win, nobody cares, if I don't." Look if you win, nobody cares what room you're in. If you lose, nobody cares what room you're in. So we took a ballroom, nice ballroom, that's it, no big deal. I think it this way, if we win, nobody cares. And if we lose, I'm out of there, I save a hell of a lot of money. Every place that we've gone, it's been amazing. I'd also like to recognize, so important, a woman who's really helped us win North Carolina in 2016, I have a feeling this year, she'll even do better, because she happened to grow up here, Lara Trump and my son Eric Trump. Two great people. I mean I have to say that about my son, but I know a lot of people don't like their sons that much, but Lara has been fantastic, and thank you very much, what a job. She knows this state better than anybody in this room except maybe this guy right here. How are we doing, Lara? How are we doing? How are we doing in the state, are we doing good? And we're doing well in Pennsylvania I hear, and South Carolina, I know we're doing great there. Also with us tonight, is a man who's really become a good friend of mine. We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you, and I would say if I didn't get along, I would not be here. I wouldn't do this. I think he's been tremendous. He's been a tremendous supporter and things that we've wanted to do, and fights that we've had which were so important, he's been right up, and Lizzie will tell you that he's been right up in front and really he deserves another six year term. Probably a lot longer than that, but he's going to come up and I'm going to ask Senator Thom Tillis, come on up. Thom has really been incredible, he's been working everyday. And he really wants to fight to the radical left and he does it and he knows how to fight, and take care of our amazing veterans, and stop illegal immigration. Thom is the champion for the people of North Carolina. This November, we need everybody to go and vote for Thom, he's doing great. He's doing great. I hear he's way up in the polls, he's way up in the polls. Thom, say a few words. "Get me off this stage. Get me off. You guys didn't tell me this was going to happen." No, that was great Thom. We're also honored to be joined tonight by a true American hero, a veteran of World War II and the Korean War who just turned 100 years old. His name is George Washington Perry, legit. George, thank you very much for being here. Thank you, George. 100 years. He's 100 and he looks good. Thank you, George. With the help of everyone here tonight, America has now become the hottest economy anywhere on the planet earth. Since my election over 219,000 new jobs have been created right here in North Carolina. We have lifted 10,000,000 people off of welfare, including 7,000,000 people off of food stamps. Median household income has reached the highest level ever recorded, think of that. The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any US president in recorded history, that's happening, that's happening. The unemployment rate among African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Asian Americans has reached the lowest level in recorded history. Very important to me, African American youth unemployment has reached an all time low. African American poverty is that the lowest rate ever recorded. For decades democratic politicians betrayed, and they truly did, they betrayed African Americans. My administration is delivering for African Americans like never before. No president has done more for our black community, no president has done more for our black community, and it's an honor to do it. Last month here in Charlotte, we launched a nationwide campaign to create a better future for all Americans. It's called Opportunity Now, you know about it. We're also fighting to ensure that working families have access to paid family leave, reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40,000,000 american families an average of $2,200 thanks to the Republican child tax credit. The Republicans are claiming that we did that nobody else did, but the Democrats are saying, "How did they do that one?". The USMCA is a giant for North Carolina's incredible farmers and factory workers. And by the way, speaking of farms, factory workers, and small businesses, are all for the death tax. You know about the death tax, right? It's called the inheritance tax. You have a small farm some place, you have a small business, you have a nice business, you no longer have an inheritance tax or a death tax. So if you want to leave it to your children, you can leave it to your children, there's no tax to be paid by your children. So they don't have to go back to the evil banker, borrow money from the banker, lose the farm, lose the business, it won't happen. And I always say, I know a lot of parents that don't love the children very much. Is there anybody in this room that does not love your children? Please raise your hand. Please raise your hand. Nobody. Nobody, that's because we're North Carolina, you love your children. But if you don't, then it doesn't matter because if you don't love your children, don't leave them a damn thing, but you don't have the inheritance tax anymore, which is great. A lot of people don't even know that, but that's a big deal or no issue have Washington Democrats more thoroughly betraying the American people than on the issue of immigration sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminals to terrorize your communities. Right here in North Carolina, believe it or not, the sanctuary county of Durham released an illegal alien criminal, who then receded to viciously murdered a young 19 year old woman last year, you know all about it. Killing her and dumping her body into the woods. Last year alone, sanctuary jurisdictions in North Carolina, how did that happen to North Carolina? Deliberately set free hundreds and hundreds of, and these are really dangerous criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of burglary, gun crime, sexual assault, kidnapping, and even suffering they inflict on our people. We're building the wall. We're building the wall. We're building the wall. We're building the wall. Mexico's paying for the wall, by the way. We built 127 miles as of today, 127. Mexico is paying for the wall. The media is going to be thrilled when I explain that Mexico is paying for the wall because you know, now finally they said I've had obstruction like you wouldn't believe. The entire democratic party. I could get anything. I created Space Force. I could do anything. I could get. Lindsey and Thom Tillis knows. Mark knows this. All of them knows this. If I wanted 25 cents for the wall, they didn't want to get it. They didn't want to do it, but now we got it, and you think that's easy? Nobody else could have done this. We're building it. We're building our hearts away. We'll soon be building many, many miles a week, but we're up to over 125, I guess 127, 28 by now, of the super duper wall, super duper. I went to Border Patrol, I said, " What is your wish?" "Well, sir, we'd like it to be steel and concrete." They want it exactly what they have it, and the barriers up top, they want everything. It's called a no climb provisor, no climb provisor. I said, "What does the word provisor mean?" They didn't know. All it means is you're not able to climb over it. It is very tough. I don't know if you saw. In a part of the wall, a couple of weeks ago, they were climbing the wall, and the fire department had to come and take them down. That's what the no climb is. That's what the no climb is. It's a no climb. It's more money. It's a little more expensive. Thank you. Who is that? What a voice. Pavarotti. So, we're building the wall. It's going great. So, they said, "All right. He's building the wall, but Mexico's not paying for it." Yes, they are. You'll see. You'll see. You understand. Some of you understand because I told a few people last week, it got linked to the fake news media. If you want to end sanctuary cities in North Carolina and across America, then you have only one choice. You must vote Republican. You have to. You have to. We've added catch and release, one of the worst loopholes you've ever seen, catch and release. You catch them. You then say, "Where do you live?" They don't know because look, let's face it, they don't know. I understand that. It's not even to be laughed at. They don't know. "Where do you live?" I don't know. Mexico, maybe, Honduras, Guatemala, who knows? El Salvador. "Where do you live?" Like this guy, he's a Mexican. You're about as Mexican as I am. Look at this guy. He's as Mexican as I am. Look at that hat. Are you Mexican? Are you Mexican? No, you're not. Are you? He is. It's like Elizabeth Warren. She said she was an Indian. I said, "I have more Indian blood in me than you have, and I have none. She said, "Oh, this is terrible." So she went out and got a test and it turned out not so good for her. Right? 1024th, right? One thousandths, so I was right. I probably have more in me. What a phony she is. What a phony. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme. 132 Congressional Democrats have signed up for Bernie Sanders' healthcare takeover. While the Washington Democrats are trying to destroy your healthcare and your social security, and they are going to destroy your social security. Remember they used to say with me, "I'm going to end it the first day." Well, you know what, we're going to soon be four years and all I've done is make it stronger. You know that. My administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare. You're going to have great health. We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep the plan of your choice. Remember President Obama? You can keep your doctor. You can keep your plan. 28 times. They said, "Impeach him. You should impeach him." 28 times he lied. 28 times on record, "You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan." Well, that's not true. It wasn't. Impeach him. We're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office. We are now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive and they're better plans. We are protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will, and we are trying terminate, in the Supreme Court of the United States, the worst healthcare in the world, and we are going to give you the best healthcare you've ever seen at a low price and again, protecting preexisting conditions. Protecting preexisting conditions. We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing. You know what that is? Surprise. You get all sorts of surprises. We have people that take a blood test in one place, it's $26, and in another place it's $2000. Same blood test, maybe the cheap one is better, who knows? Same blood test. It's wrong. Surprise medical building. Bombed. Out. Billing. I signed an executive order opposing price transparency that's going to be bigger than healthcare, because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very, very fast. Right? It's a big thing. It's a big thing. We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as name brand drugs, but a fraction of the cost. We have given them, and there's a lot of political pressure not to do that, you can understand why. To care for our amazing veterans, we passed VA Choice and VA Accountability, and nobody said it could be done. So now, instead of waiting in line for days and days, and weeks and weeks to see a doctor, you go outside, you get a doctor, we pay the bill, you get all fixed up. What a great thing. It's called VA Choice. I got it done. They've been trying to pass it for almost 50 years and they haven't been able to. Those people over there were a great help. We have passed the spectacular Right to Try. You know what that is? Hopefully nobody in the room needs. Hopefully nobody in the room needs Right to Try. We are combating the opioid epidemic. Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years. We've launched new initiatives combating kidney disease and Alzheimer's, and we're pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients, and breaking all records in so doing. Virtually every Democratic candidate has declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth. How about that? That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift of God. Then you have the Governor of Virginia. The baby is born. The baby is born and he says, "And then you go over and start talking to the mother as to whether or not you execute the baby." This is the Governor of Virginia. The Governor of Virginia. He's a beauty. You remember what he did? He wanted to dance like Michael Jackson and his wife stopped him. He got lucky. But the Governor of Virginia wanted to do that. The baby is born and then he goes over and talks to the mother. The doctor will now talk, and you'll make a decision as to whether or not the baby lives. Did you ever hear of anything like this? The Democratic party is the party of high taxes, high crime, unlimited regulations, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your second amendment. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln. So many people came up to me tonight and they want me to fight, and we're doing it for school choice, so that every child who needs it, gets it. No parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life. Alice Johnson, do we love Alice Johnson? This could not have been done by anyone other than the Republican party. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Our historic investments in the United States military include $200 million to a place that nobody's heard of in this audience, I'm sure, Fort Bragg. $300 million for Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point. More than $500 million for Marine Corps Air Station New River. Listen to this one. No Democrat's going to this. They don't even want to spend money on the military. They don't like the military. They're not going to spend money. $1.2 billion for Camp Lejeune. $1.2 billion. Do you think that a guy like sleepy Joe's going to put, he doesn't know what it means. I know what I means. We have to have a strong military. We have the strongest military we've ever had. When I came in, our military was in sad shape. It was depleted, but we've rebuilt it, $2.5 trillion dollars went into our military. 01] is the actual survival of an our nation itself. If you want your children to inherit the blessings of generations of Americans who fought and died to secure, and you know what they're securing, they are securing us, they're securing our freedom, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November, November 3rd to be exact. Only this way can we save the America we love, and drain the Washington swamp, which is by the way, much more vicious, much dirtier, much deeper than I ever thought, but we are kicking ass. With your help, we will lift billions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration, and we will continue with the great Thom Tillis. We will get Thom Tillis. Thom, I don't think anybody even wants to run against you, Thom, but we're going to reelect Thom Tillis. Is that right? We're going to reelect Thom Tillis. If we don't, I'm going to be so angry at you. I'll only come back here a few times a year. No, Thom is going to be great. Thom, I think you're in great shape. I think you're in great shape. One more hand for Thom Tillis, please. We don't even know who's running against him. Nobody wants the run. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful, beautiful, beautiful phrase Made in the USA, right? Made in the USA. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic in less than nine years. We've already started. Who would have thought? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. Your second amendment rights are under siege. Believe me, they're under siege. We don't get in, you can forget your second amendment. That's what I think. I really believe it. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that binds us together as one beautiful America. We support, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work, and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. We live by the words of our national motto, In God We Trust. From Fayetteville to Wilmington, from Raleigh to Greensboro, from Asheville to Kitty Hawk, to right here in Charlotte, this state is the home to some of the toughest men and strongest women, and most incredible patriots ever to walk the face of the Earth. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, blazed the trail, sailed the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the Panama Canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two world wars, defeated fascism, and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, that's what's happening. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of North Carolina, the best is yet to come. Because together, we have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again, and we have made America great again. Thank you. Thank you, North Carolina. Thank you.