Well, thank you very much. And hello Las Vegas. Great to be with you. They have a big election tomorrow. We've already won the state. We've already won. I like ours better. We just take it. Just take it. We've won it. I like it that better. You know they say they're going to have a lot of problems tomorrow. I hate to tell you this. I don't know. Have you heard? I hear their computers are all messed up. Just like they were in Iowa. They're not going to be able to count their vote. They're going to tell you about healthcare. They're going to tell you about our military and the jet fighters and the missiles and rockets, but they can't count votes. They just can't count them. They can't count votes, but they're saying they may not be able to do it again. They're still trying to tell us. I called up yesterday, how are they doing in Iowa? Was that two weeks ago? They say we're getting close. They're not getting close, they'll never know. They'll never know, but I hear the same thing could happen tomorrow. I hope it doesn't, actually. I hope it doesn't, but I'm delighted to be back in a state I love. I have a beautiful building right down the road. With the proud, hardworking patriots of Nevada. You're going to say Nevada. You say that wrong, you got problems. You say Nevada, they go, what the hell? Got to be Nevada. With your help this November, we're going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats and we are going to win Nevada in a big beautiful landslide. Now, we have some special people here, you know the special very special people. And we celebrate one of the greatest moments in the history of sports. Some people say it was the single greatest moment in the history of sports. It was called the miracle on ice. Do you remember that? That was when the Russians had a team assembled. That was probably, they say maybe the greatest team ever assembled. They were unbelievable. And our guys played a practice game with them was it a couple of weeks before, and I hate to tell you the score was 10 to 3, and the USA was not on top, and this team was an incredible team and they went in and it was amazing, but tomorrow marks the 40 years since the United States men's hockey team defeated then Soviet Union team in the 1980 Olympics. Incredible. That was incredible. Most of you remember that. I'm looking. We've got a lot of young ones, but we've got a lot of people that remember that. A lot of people. And by the way, we got the Olympics coming back or coming to Los Angeles. Thank you. Thank you President Trump. Thank you President Trump. Thank you very much. Thank you President Trump. Eight years. Eight years, 2028 you know what? Unless I'm still president then, which is a distinct possibility, I won't be here, and you know what they'll do? I'll say, how's the Olympics going? Does anybody have a ticket for the president that got the Olympics to come here? They'll say, I want to thank and they'll thank hundreds of people, but they won't thank you president that I'm the one that pulled it off. But that's okay. 2028 Olympics is coming to Los Angeles. It's going to be great. And we worked with the mayor of Los Angeles. He was great. He called up and we gave him a lot of help. I was president elect then because the president didn't want to get involved. He didn't want to get involved in getting the Olympics, so they called me and I was president elect, hadn't taken office. Then I got involved and I'll tell you, they were happy we got involved. It was great. It's going to be very exciting today. We are thrilled to have with us 14 players of that really incredible gold medal team. Give him a big hand. And they were amazed. They said, boy is a big crowd. I said, it's only because you guys are coming. This day was supposed to be for this evening. And I said, let me get back to Washington, do it early. So we gave you almost no notice. You have thousands of people outside, thousands of people inside. You had to see, we were in Iowa we were in New Hampshire. You saw what happened in Colorado last. That was unbelievable. Every place we go it's the same. It's been incredible. I don't know if you saw the pictures last night of the outside in Colorado. It was incredible. It was. You could have filled that arena up four times and it was a big arena, and it's something. So I hated to do it to you at 12 o'clock but I said, let's go. I want to get back. We got to deal with China. We got to deal with Russia. We got to deal with North Korea, South Korea. We got to deal with the rest of the world. Get my people back. We got to get the hell out of here, right? But we have a lot of time. I'd like now to invite these incredible sport legends to join me on stage. A friend of mine and a very good golfer, by the way, Captain Mike he rode a bike. Mike. Where's Mike? Where is he? Mike. Do you know who he is? He's a fake handicap is what he is. Say something Mike. Just welcome everybody to ironic we happen to be here to celebrate our 40th anniversary, the Vegas Knights flew the whole team out to honor us tonight and for the weekend and we obviously thank the people of Las Vegas for having us here and we're looking forward to celebrating a special time, and it's a great honor for the president to invite us to be part of this event as well. So Vegas, thanks for having us. But just tell them, am I a good athlete and am I a good golfer? Thanks Mike. That was some goaltending right? How many did you rebuff? I mean, but how many did Jim have? Many did. Very few. But a lot of shots, right? He was like a pinata. So Mike, that was great. Goaltender Jim Craig. So Jim rebuffed come here, Jim. Great goaltender, great goaltender. They didn't know what was happening. They kept shooting. He doesn't know how many you rebuffed. How many did you rebuff? 37. So let me ask you, was that as goaltender, because that was incredible. Was that the greatest game you ever played? You've had a lot of great games. But was that the greatest game you've ever played? It was slightly important. 37. 37. Bill Baker. Bill, come up. Bill Baker. Dave Christian, Ken Morrow, Jack O'Callahan, Mike Ramsey. Those legs took a beating. Mark Wells, Neil Brotton, John Harrington, Rob McClanahan, Buzz Schneider, Dave Silk, Phil Verchota, and a great coach and assistant coach at the time, Craig Patrick. They said four more years, 12 more years left for them. Look at that. Look at the press. Hey Mike, look at the fake news back there. It's a lot. I always say that's like the Academy Awards used to be. This year, we had a movie, they said best movie, they announced the movie from South Korea. I said, what's that all about? The movie was made in South Korea. Look, I get along great with South Korea, but you know, I never saw that one before. They used to go best foreign movie, but now we do it that way. I don't get it, but that's what it used to be and this is really an incredible time. I'll tell you what, for our country, that's why I like to see things that we do get honored because nobody is doing what we do. Nobody can do it like us. We're the greatest country in the world again. We have the greatest people. We have the greatest military by far. We've totally rebuilt our military. Jobs are booming, incomes are surging, poverty is plummeting. Factories are returning confidence is soaring, like these guys, the confidence is soaring, but you know, we do have somebody that I'd like to point out because this team is, they had a coach, and that coach was a very inspirational coach, would you say Mike? And I'd like to have maybe one of you come up and just say a few words about Coach Brooks because he was very, very, he was really a big, he was a big heart on this team. Please. Say something. So tell me one thing, one thing. So I see those tears. That means you think, you miss him and you love him. Right? Was he actually a nice guy? Because he looked tough. Mike was just saying he was brutal, but he was a good guy, right? Tough but great. Thank you very much. Thanks Kelly. Thank you all. Greatest sports story could be number one. So a lot of people, a lot of these sports experts, sports writers have voted that as the single greatest sporting event or athletic achievement. I think so, yeah? They put it number one, certainly top five. In the history of our country, we have a lot of things that we've done to break records. We're going to go over them, but we've broken a lot of records now, but I want to thank that great team for being with us. Very inspirational. This is a big day. The anniversary. Thank you fellas. Thank you. In my state of the union address, I proudly declare that we are in the midst of the great American comeback and we're just getting started. After three years of ridiculous witch hunts and partisan Democrat crusades. By the way, I think they're starting another one. Did you see that? I see these phoneys. These are the do nothing Democrats. They said today that Putin wants to be sure that Trump gets elected. Here we go again. Here we go again. Did you see it? A story. Aren't people bored? Now, does that include because a couple of weeks ago, crooked Hillary said Chelsea Gabbard, right. Tulsi Gabbard and right? She was a Russian agent. Tulsi and also Stein from Jill Stein. I don't know Jill Stein. I never met the woman. She is a Green Party candidate or was they said she's an agent of Russia. I don't know her and I don't know Tulsi. The only thing I know about both of them is they're not agent. They are not agents of Russia. These people are sick. That's pencil neck, pencil neck again. Little pencil. No, I just see it again. I was told that was happening. I was told a week ago. They said they're trying to start a rumor. It's disinformation. That's the only thing they're good at. They're not good at anything else. They get nothing done. Do nothing Democrats. That Putin wants to make sure get elected. Listen to this. So doesn't he want to see who the Democrat's going to be? Wouldn't you rather have, let's say Bernie? Wouldn't he rather that Bernie who honeymooned in Moscow? Wouldn't that be? These people are crazy. That's all they think about. They don't think about the country. They don't think about jobs. They don't think about lowering your drug costs. Infrastructure. These people are crazy. Trust me, I like what we're doing and I love this country. I love this country. Now, and I campaigned on it, at the same time we want to get along with Russia, we want to get along with China, we want to get along with all these countries. Who the hell needs to have conflict? But these people are sick, they are sick people. The radical left's attempts to poison our democracy and overturn the last election have totally ended in a big fat failure. And by the way, you saw today, single best day I've ever had is the polls and any poll that the fake news gives you, because the real numbers are higher, but any poll they give you as a fake. But Wisconsin, the great state of Wisconsin, I was leading by many, many, many points against every one of these characters. Can you believe it? We got a new one. Mini Mike. How did he do in the debate the other day? Mini Mike. Here's a box Mike. Here Mike. Mini Mike. He was a beauty. What happened huh? He couldn't breathe. What happened? Mike would like to know how about that Pocahontas screaming at him. She forgot. She forgot that she lied about her own heritage. She said she was an Indian because she had high cheekbones. That was the only thing. Remember what I said, I have more Indian blood in me than she has and I have none. Right? I have none. To the best of my knowledge, wouldn't mind having some, but I happen to have none. And she choked and she went out and got a report done. One, 1 thousandth and 24 you know what that means? That means probably I do have more. Now why did he bring that up when she was screaming at him? Why? Because he was gasping for breath. I can't breathe. I can't breathe. She's hitting me too hard. Pocahontas. Well, she won that debate cause Mike could not respond. That's what they all said. They all said that. That's funny. I won, they're all shouting. It's not me that's saying it. Fake news. You fake news people. No, they all said it though. Who won the debate? Trump. You know what? The way I look at it, when fake news CNN oops, there goes the camera off. Red light just went off. See, I can tell every one of them. I know them by heart. I know the operators. I know the camera men. They're okay. They're all on our side by the way. They're screamed at. Get that camera off. I don't want to do that. Get that camera off, or it's going to be you job. All right, I'm sorry. Precedent. But how bout MSDNC? They're worse than CNN. And they're owned by people that really are bad. I think they're very bad for our country. The owners of Comcast, rotten company, bad for our country, very bad. They try, they have all these PR things to try and keep their image nice and clean. What they do on television is so disgusting. I think in the old days you had to have licenses for this stuff, right? They can say whatever they want to say. Let's see what happens over the next period of time. Bunch of dishonest people. Comcast, terrible company. Terrible people running that company. And you know what, I had Celebrity Apprentice, I had the Apprentice on for 14 seasons, 14 seasons, and they used to come to my office and they would kiss my ass. Please sign. Please. Please sign. It's an interesting story. They came and we signed, you know who signed me, Jeff Zucker. It's one of the only things he's done good in broadcasting, but I signed and NBC, as you know, is owned by Comcast, but I signed and they figured the show would be a total failure. So they only signed me for one season. You know I was going to have it. It was go on and then the show goes, started at ten went to eight, went to seven, went to five, went to four, went to two. It went to one. I had the number one show in all of television. Number one. It was a phenomenal and the final episode, remember that? With the, you remember that? Do you remember the final? We had, I don't know, it was one of the biggest shows of the year. It was a tremendous success there. But here I was, I signed with NBC and they didn't even want to waste the ink on an option. Usually they have an option for not, you know, just like they didn't do it. You stupid people. So they paid me very little for the first season I think $25,000 a show, which is considered not good. That's okay. It was fun. I didn't know it was going to be success, you know? Hey, just like this was successful. It's a recent. Because when I left and Arnold Schwarzenegger and I like Arnold said some very nice things, so I'm not, but the show did not exactly succeed when I left, but I had it on and they wanted me to sign for more and I said, no, I'm going to run for president but I'll never forget. I looked at, I didn't know anything about this business and I had an agent, wonderful guy from William Morris, and he said, sir, I don't want you to sign. No business show has ever done well on network television. Well, it's not business, it's entertainment, celebrity. Sir, I don't want you to sign. Sir, don't sign. I said, yeah, okay. But I have a problem. I shook the hand of somebody I have to. And Mark Burnett was great. He was my guy and but we shook hands. So I have to, but I agreed, you know, I didn't know that no business or no business type show had ever succeeded on a network television. So he said, I don't want you to sign sir, break it. I said, I can't break it. Can't break it. Anyway, so the show I said started at ten, went to nine, went to became, it was the number one show all of a sudden, and the agent called me up and he said, sir, I remember it was six in the morning. I was in bed. He said, sir, the show just went to number one. I'd love to see you because I think I'm entitled to more money. I said, you didn't want me to do the show. Well, not really. I mean, I was okay. He said, I'd really like more money. I said, Jim, I like you very much, Jim, you're fired. Get out. Anyway, I had 14 great seasons over about 11 years because it was so successful, they kept… They would have run it. Remember when they did the three hours, the whole night was the Apprentice. I said, wait a minute. Gone With the Wind, to mention the movie a second time, Gone With the Wind is shorter. They had the Apprentice on for three hours. I said even I think it's too long. You can't put it up for three. You got leave a little bit like I want to come back next week. But they had it on for three weeks. We did fantastically with it. Comcast did great. NBC did great. They wanted me to sign for another three years. I said, no, I'm going to for president. And that was actually the time when I knew I was going to run. Because you know how they were paying a lot of money and whether you're rich or not, it's still a lot of money. I don't care how rich you are. It's a lot. Millions and millions of dollars. And I said no, I'm going to run for president. And I did that. But from the day I ran, they went from being, you know one… But from the day I ran, they went from being wonderful, they were nice. They were nice. I guess if I didn't do well with the show they wouldn't have been nice because they weren't nice to other people that failed. People that didn't have good ratings, that business is a very simple business. If you have good ratings, you can treat them like garbage. If you have bad ratings, you can say, "Sir, I really respect you so much." Get out of here. Get him out of my yard. They're very ruthless people. But Comcast is a rotten company. They forgot totally. And they are worse than CNN. I will tell you that right now. Comcast is worse than CNN. We should call it Comcast, because that's their beautiful maiden name, Comcast. They're worse than CNN. I'll, tell you something about CNN. Jake Tapper, today he put out… Now I know you don't like him. I know. Who likes him? Who the hell can like him? I think his wife likes him. Actually. I really believe she does. But let me just tell you, he put out a couple of social media posts today, because I never call it tweet, I call it social media because it's much bigger than tweet. What we have, Dan Scavino. The great Dan Scavino. We have won five sites. We're number one on Twitter, we're number one on Facebook, and the whole world. The whole world. So it's powerful. But Jake Tapper put out some things, basically saying, I believe it, that's the way I read it, that the new Russian thing that started yesterday, that Putin wants to be sure that Trump, which give me a break. Give me a break. But Jake Tapper said it ain't so, and if he did say that because they were a little complex, they can turn them around, or when Zucker sees him and said, "Why did you put that? I want that deleted and I want you to do a different one." But he did say that. So I respect that because it's another hoax story. But we're standing up for the defense of our constitution, for our freedom, and democracy itself. You know that. I got to get that. Hey, Bobby? Bobby? See that guy? I love that shirt. Bobby, I don't know. He looks like a nice guy. Can you please walk him up, even if you have about five. Come here, come here. Come here. Come here. You got to see this shirt. You got to see this shirt. I love it. I've got to order me one that I can ride around. Come on. Come on up here. He looks safe. He doesn't look like he's going to start a fist fight. He's a good fan, I guess. You got to see this shirt. I love it. Is there any place that's more fun than a Trump rally? Right? How many rallies have you been to? 80? 80? 80. He said 80 rallies. Come up here. Come on. Come on. Come on. Look at these two guys. These guys are serious. These are serious fans, right? Are you with him? Are you with him? Are you with him? You're with him? Come on. Come up here. Man. And look at this guy Come on. Thank you, fellas. Wow. I just said, "How long have you two been together?" I figured they'd say, "We're married." He met her at the rally in Colorado. Can you believe this? Can you believe it? Man, did he get lucky. They both got lucky, right? They both got lucky. Well, that's cool. No, I just see there's so much stuff out here. It's genius, actually. While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with viral hoaxes, we've been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border, lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. As you heard, we added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone. Way above anticipated schedule. And that makes 7 million new jobs since the election. The number was supposed to be under 2 million and we added 7 million. And remember, if I give you wrong numbers, the fake news is going to have headlines. "Trump gave you wrong…" I mean, it's very tough. I've got to be very careful. Even if I give you wrong in the wrong way, they'll say it was wrong. I said, "Yeah, but it was wrong in the low way." No, that's no good either. Got to be very precise with these characters. The Democrats don't have to be, but we have to be. We've destroyed he ISIS territorial caliphate 100%, we killed the founder and leader of ISIS. Al Baghdadi is dead. Al Baghdadi is dead. 17 years. They looked for him. 17 years. Al-Baghdadi. One of the first things I did when I came in. He's the founder of ISIS and when I came in three years ago, ISIS was all over the place. And I said, "You got to knock it out." We knocked it out of Syria, and, Iraq and other places. We really knocked at 100%. Remember I wanted to leave. I said, "All right." We were at 96%, then 98, then 99%. I said, "Let some of these other countries do it." Wouldn't you say, right? So what happened is I wanted to leave and they said, "No, no, no, we want 100%." So we wait and stayed. We got 100%, then we moved them all out of Syria, except we did keep the oil. You noticed that, right? We kept the oil. Sorry. They said, "He left soldiers in Syria." Yeah, I did to keep the oil, if you don't mind. Which is what we should have done in Iraq too, by the way. I would have done that. I'm making a lot of money with all that oil. But you remember that whole thing, that whole… I said, "You got to find Al Baghdadi." I've been saying that actually for two years. I had a lot of other things to do the first year, like fight off the Democrats. These crazy Democrats with their hoaxes. Think of it. If they use their genius, because they are genius at that stuff, right? They're really good. They can take nothing. They can take a perfect phone call made to the Ukrainian president who said very specifically there was no pressure. He doesn't even know what's going on and they can take this perfect call. Thank goodness I had a transcriber. Do you agree with it? Because the fake whistleblower said that the call was totally different than what the call was. So when I released the call, when I released the transcripts, they died. They said, "Oh we got a problem." They never thought I was going to do it, but I had no choice. I had to because I had to show they're liars. But think of it, they can take something like that, a perfect phone call, or they'll take just out of thin air they can make something up. And they ended up today, front page, New York Times. They used to call it the eighth column. That's the big column on the right. I don't know. The papers become so small. I don't know if they have an eighth column anymore. They used to have the eighth column, was a big deal, right? That was the big deal. Today it's too narrow. Think they're probably… After I'm gone, they won't have any columns. That's why eventually they're going to support me. Eventually, the Times and the Washington post, which will be dead as a doornail after I leave, and the CNN, it'll be an obsolete business, the cable business. MSDNC will be out of business. You know, cable was supposed to be obsolete and now they're doing the highest numbers they've ever done. If an airplane goes down with 700 people, they don't cover it. If it's not Trump related, they don't cover it. It's got to be Trump or Trump related. So if a plane goes down and it's total devastation, if the ship goes down, if the Titanic- If the Titanic equivalent went down, they wouldn't cover it unless I was on the sucker. It's true. They wouldn't cover it. The fake news would not cover the equivalent of the Titanic. But you know what they're going to do before the election? They're going to say, "We want to just say something. We're going to endorse the president." You know why? Because they'll be out of business. Can you imagine if they had to cover mini Mike? Who I don't think, I think he's gone, but you know what? He'll spend another 500 million. Don't forget I spent 70 and I won, of my money. In other words, they said, and this was in the New York Times, I said the other night in Colorado. I spent 70, mini Mike so far has spent almost $500 million dollars in order to get embarrassed by Pocahontas. Pocahontas. And she's mean, isn't she? Did you see that? Do you see the anger on her face? That nervous energy. She's jumping up and down. She's a mess. But no, no, she's mean. Right? Right? That face is just… "You want to get him?" She said, "I got him. I want to see those agreements." "I," "You open up those agreements." This poor guy probably signed a hundred of them and each one's a disaster. He said, "I don't want to open those agreements. Nobody told me this was going to happen." Said, "Actually, sir." "Nobody told me. Get me out of here." After the debate, he went backstage, fired a lot of people. He said, "How the hell did you get me into this thing?" But Pocahontas was really mean, but she's going to be easy. I hope it's her. It's not going to be her. Can't be, I don't think. Alfred E. Neuman, ladies and gentlemen, introducing president Alfred E. Neuman. Nobody knows because you're all too young. Nobody knows who Alfred… it's Mad Magazine. They all said… No. Howdy Doody. See nobody knows who Alfred E. Neuman is. Only the real aficionados. They're the ones and they love it. But that's only 15% of the crowd, right? Am I right? Better than Howdy Doody. Howdy Doody. And that's what happens when you can't get the words out. No it does. That's what happens, right? When you can't get the words out, you get angry. You get angry because you can't get the words. That might happen to me someday. Can you imagine if that happened to me? Man, would I be a bad guy. I'd be the meanest man in history. No, but Biden is very angry. He gets angrier, and angrier, and angrier. He's changed. And then you have the Tom. Yeah. He said Tom Steyer. Tom said, " Mister impeachment." How did that work out, Tom? Thank you very much for the great poll numbers between him and nervous dancing. How did that work out? This schmuck spends $250 million dollars, he ends up with one third of a percent in Iowa. But maybe that could be Rick, because they still don't have any idea what he got. Maybe he won Iowa, they took it away from him. No, but he was substantially below it. All I know, it said 1% and an arrow left. So he spends 250 million, Tom Steyer. Never heard of this guy. Who is he? Where did he get his money? Who is he? He was in the coal business, did you know that? This guy, this phony is a big environmentalist. He made his money, a lot of it, in the coal business. Nobody knows that, but he's a fake. Remember when he walked up to Bernie the other day. "Hi Bernie. Hi." Oh, and he was having a fight with Pocahontas, right? Is this the greatest? Mark Burnett said, "This is the greatest reality show in history." He said, "You can take The Apprentice, and you can take Survivor, and you can take every other reality show ever made, multiply it times 10,000, and you still don't have what we have. And even the CAS." He did say this. You got the perfect president. You got the perfect first lady. How about the first lady? You got the perfect kids. The kids, though. Those beautiful kids. My beautiful kids. They had such a great life, before I did this. Sorry, kids. Sorry. My beautiful Ivanka. She had such a great life. She Had a company that was selling shoes and everything you could sell. She'd just put her name on it and she said, "Daddy, does it matter? I want to come to Washington and help people get jobs." Right? Ain't that true? And she left the company. And when you leave a company, all of a sudden it doesn't do as well. I wouldn't say that I exactly helped talking about the wall and other things, but she left the company, came to Washington and she said 500,000 jobs. That was her goal. And she did that in the first month. She actually did. She's gotten these great companies like Walmart, and many others, Exxon, she's gotten them to take millions of people. She's now over 15 million jobs where they train people and bring them into the companies. It's incredible. 15 million. And she's smart. She got it figured out, but most people can't, but she does. But all they do is give them heat. They work so hard. And could you imagine you take Biden's son. Can you imagine? But you know what? We don't do any of that stuff. We don't do that stuff. We don't do it. The kid got $3 million dollars, 83,000 a month and he didn't have a job until his father became vice president. And speaking of vice presidents and speaking also of reality television, because it's the greatest show of all time, right? Look at us. Look. We told you, what, last night? Little change here, folks. We're going to move it up from eight o'clock in the evening until 12 o'clock in the afternoon. Little change. Just a minor change. Because I have to get back to Washington to work. I feel guilty. This is too much fun. But speaking to vice presidents and speaking of perfect vice presidents, if you become president, the first thing you have to do is choose a really horrible, horrible vice president. So if the idiots ever want to impeach you, they have to say, I can't impeach him. Look who we have. I have the perfect vice president. I have the greatest in the world. I have the greatest vice president. I don't know. I got the great ones. I said, "I can't do that." I picked a great guy. He's done a fantastic job. He's been a great vice president. But it is true. I could have picked, I'll give you names, but don't want to do that because I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings. But there are plenty of them out there. They're mostly out there and I don't want to do that. But Mike Pence has been great. But tell me, is it perfect casting the whole thing? And this isn't about casting, this is about real life. But when Mark Burnett said to me the other day, he said, "The greatest reality show of all times, times of million." That's exactly except for one thing, we work our asses off and we are doing things like nobody has ever done before. Right? Right? So, we took out Al Baghdadi and then we just took out two weeks ago the world's top terrorist, Qasem Soleimani of Iran, ending his evil reign of terror forever. He's the father of the roadside bomb. When you see our beautiful people walking around with no legs, they're walking, and trying to walk so hard, and they're really in rough shape he's the father of the… he loved the roadside bomb. He thought it was a great thing. Where is he now? Soleimani. And I'll tell you what, you know who's happy about it? The people of Iran are happy and even the leaders of Iran, because the leaders of Iran were afraid of him. Okay? And the fact is, America is respected again. We're winning. We're winning all over. We're winning in Washington that Democrats keep losing their minds. That is why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement. Look, we're a unified party. The Republican party has never been unified like it is today. I'll show you. I could say, "We're going to go over to the Hill. No, we're going to go over to someplace and we're going to do a rally at eight o'clock tonight." We'd have tens of thousands of people there. There's never been this. Ronald Reagan was great. I thought he was a great guy, great president, didn't like his policy on trade. That's okay. Trade. But if he came to Las Vegas, you know they'd have a ballroom, and they'd have 500, maybe a thousand people. What we're doing… And this isn't even, I must say this, I don't want to tell you this, this is not election season. Because we're nine months away. Election season is when you're two months away. We're not even in election season and we have more enthusiasm now. Believe it or not, then we had even before the election in 2016. It's true. It's too early. It's too early. It's true. We have a great gentleman and a woman with us, a friend of mine, mister and misses Sheldon Adelson, right over here. Great, great person. Two great people. He's got so much money, he doesn't know what the hell to do with it. He owns the Sands Hotel. That's like one of the smaller businesses. Sheldon, that's like your small business, right? He is a great guy. She's an incredible, she's a doctor, and she studies addiction, and drugs, drug addiction, all sorts of addictions. And she knows more about that subject, I think, than anybody, and she works hard and she doesn't need it. He does not need the money that she brings in. Okay? He also happens on the paper. He owns the paper. You own the paper in town, right? They wanted like a couple of hundred million dollars too much. You said, "Give it to them. It's peanuts. What the hell difference does it make? We want to thank the Adelsons. They've been incredible fans and they love Israel. They love Israel. I just saw him sitting there. I didn't know they were here. I just see him sitting there. He's something. The chairman of the Nevada Republican party, who's really been great. He's been with me for a long time and he's a very committed man. Make America great again. Oh, oh, oh. Let's do a poll quick. Just quick. I'll never get rid of MAGA because I'm superstitious. But we just hit an all time high with the stock market. Our military is rebuilt. You just got the greatest tax cuts in history, the greatest rate, regulation cuts, and all this stuff. So, let me ask you this. So, "Make America great again," it sort of doesn't work quite as well. So now we have keep America great and we have the new hat. It's higher, stiff. It's like a billboard, right? I call it the billboard. It's a billboard. So let's go just that. Because I am very surprised by it. We're going to keep them both, but I just curious if we did go to one, "Make America great again?" " Keep America great?" I can't. I would have said that's impossible. "Make America great again," is the greatest phrase. A lot of people, again, fake news, I think will agree to it. It's the greatest phrase ever used in politics. It's the greatest phrase. Now, who has the greatest phrase ever used in the history of politics and say, "Oh, let's go with a new phrase." Right? But we're going to keep it. So we have to keep MAGA. But now we have CAG, now we have CAG. So we have a both. I just don't have the courage to get rid of the one. It would be too disrespectful. Too disrespectful. But Michael McDonald, I want to thank you and the members of the Nevada Republican central committee. You're all here. They're great people. And the man came here. He loves us. He's been with us. Rick Harrison of the world famous gold and silver pawn shop. Rick Harrison. You better win, Michael. Otherwise, that's the last time I'm introducing you like that. I hear we're up. I hear we're doing nicely. I hear we're doing great. And by the way, the union, I have a lot of respect for that union. Last time, I had a strike in my building during the election. It's the only reason we would have won this state. Brilliantly to save three cents. I could have settled the strike before the election. I wanted to save $2 total. And he wasn't too good. He didn't do too good. But we almost won this state despite… I had a big strike. Had thousands and thousands of union guys. They had it, look, they wanted, wanted to show us. But I think that the unions are really with us and the unions have been with us. They're Teamsters, so many of the unions. Because I'm for the working man and woman, whether you're union or non-union. Some States are all union, some states are no union. But we get them all. And I think we're going to have tremendous success. And a lot of the Democrats are going to ruin the healthcare programs that these unions have. The unions have worked hard on healthcare and they're going to ruin them. They're going to take away… Well, we're going to… you can lose 180 million people off of great private healthcare. So we'll see what happens. But a lot of the Democrats want to do that. They think it's wonderful. But together we're building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society. That's true. Since my election, over 125- That's true. Since my election, over 125,000 new jobs have been created right here in Nevada, including over 40,000 new Nevada manufacturing and construction jobs. A 30% increase. The national unemployment rate is the lowest in over half a century, and soon we're going to have that be a historic number like so many of the others. The average unemployment rate for my administration, this is the coolest of them all, is the lowest for any United States president in recorded history. That's pretty good. When I'm in a debate, they're saying, "we're going to do this." I say, "listen, we have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country." African American unemployment, Hispanic American. Hispanic, we got a lot of Hispanic. I love Hispanic. Who in this audience is Hispanic? Yeah, we're doing great. Well, we should be doing great. You have the lowest unemployment rates ever recorded. Asian Americans, likewise the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate for women reached the lowest rate in 71 years. African American youth unemployment has reached an all time historic low. People I love, people I might've helped more than anybody because of choice and accountability. The veteran's unemployment rate drop to the lowest record. Lowest in history. The unemployment rate for disabled Americans has reached an all time historic low and you got to remember they're back there checking every word. They're going," oh, my god. He's right." I can't say it because I got all these maniacs back there. They're trying to find… "He put the comma in the wrong place. He didn't make that word plural, therefore he lied." Now I've got to be very accurate because all these numbers, they check them out. "They're in there, checking them out. Check on the African American unemployment, please." Please tell me it's not historic. These people are among the most dishonest human beings on earth. Not all of them. Workers without a high school diploma. We have millions of people that didn't go through high school. They left. They had problems, good problems, bad problems, families where they don't have the money. They didn't get a high school diploma. They've achieved the lowest unemployment rate ever recorded in the history of the United States. Those are important groups of people. Half a million more Hispanic Americans now own a home. Now, Hispanic have done so good. And by the way, you know who understands the border, because we are building that wall like crazy. Remember, they also said, "if you build the wall you'll lose the Hispanic vote." I said, "I got to do what's right. You know who understands the border better than anybody? You know who understands crime at the border better than anybody? The Hispanics understand it and they don't want to be working and have people come and take their job. Have people come in where they can't pay for their house, have people come in who are very bad people." You have some very bad people. You have murderers and rapists, and we have set all sorts of records at the border, but we're up to 122 miles of wall, and it is true. The people that understand it the best are Hispanic. So, thank you. We got to make our country safe. We've lifted 10 million people off of welfare. Median household income is now the highest ever recorded in our country. Think of that. I say it all the time. President Bush, eight years, $450. President Barack Hussein Obama, eight years, $ 975. President Donald John Trump, three years. It's actually less when they did the numbers. Three years, including the big tax cuts that we got you and the regulation cuts. Three years. So, you had 450, 975, that's eight and eight. Now we're down to three years, a little less, three years, $ 10,000 per family a year. 10,000 a year. Our historic regulatory reduction campaign is restoring American liberty and ending the tyranny of federal bureaucrats. I deal with them. They're not good. It's called the swamp. We've ended the war on American energy, lowering utility bills, reducing prices at the pump, reducing your prices. Part of that number is all of the money that we save at the pump and on electric. I also recently took action on an issue Nevada has been dealing with for over 30 years. Yucca mountain. You know Yucca mountain? My budget stops funding for the licensing of waste storage at Yucca mountain, so that we can focus on positive solutions and for much better reasons and alternatives. Why should you have nuclear waste in your backyard? I won't say which countries, but you know what other countries do? I will not say which ones. They put it on a ship. They float it out into the middle of the ocean. They find a nice deep spot and they dump it. That's the end of it. But we would never do that for environmental reasons. We are reversing decades so Yucca mountain… You're okay, please. Okay. Just relax. Sheldon, do you have somebody at your newspaper back there who can write. Yucca mountain, please. He'll call up, "Yucca mountain is okay." That's the end of that. So Yucca mountain, you're in great shape. Maybe they can finally report it properly, but we're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies. For years, Washington politicians took money from lobbyists, global corporations and corrupt special interest to ship our jobs and factories and all of this stuff and all of this wealth. They stole our wealth. They shipped it overseas and to other countries. America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of NAFTA and China's entrance into the WTO, the world trade organization. Probably an even worse deal for us than NAFTA, if that's possible, but under my administration, the great betrayal of America is over. America is no longer for sale. Last month we ended the NAFTA catastrophe and I signed the brand new U.S., Mexico, Canada agreement USMCA. See, we played the song YMCA because that's the only way you'll remember. Just think of the song YMCA. Think of the song and you'll remember that USMCA is a gigantic victory for farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers all across the great state of Nevada. I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of America jobs. Our strategy worked. Last month, we signed a ground breaking trade agreement. Probably the biggest agreement of any kind ever signed with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property and boost American exports by a lot. China will be buying $250 billion worth of goods from us now and 50 billion from our farmers. My guys wanted 16, I said, "make it 50." My guys wanted 16, they got China up to 20. I said, "Nope. Got to make it 50," and then I said to China, "you got a billion and a half people. What difference does it make?" They said, "you're right." 50 billion, I don't think our farmers can produce that much, but we're going to soon find out. They're going to buy very large tractors. After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. we are finally putting America first. Or no issue of Washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than the issue of immigration. Before I came into office, the far left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, poisoning our children, including right here in a very big way. The great state of Nevada. Washington Democrats put the needs of illegal immigrants before the wellbeing of American citizens. You know that, you've been complaining about it for a long time. It's one of the reasons you voted for Trump. They want to let anyone from around the world simply walk across the border and then they want to give them a lifetime of free welfare, of healthcare, of lots of other things, including education. All paid for by the taxpayers of the United States. Illegal immigration costs Nevada taxpayers, think of it, more than $1.6 billion every year, over $1,500 per household. For the amount of money Washington Democrats want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild every city, all of these distressed areas in the United States, throughout our country. The money spend, it's not even thinkable and don't forget when we say come, like in California the clown, he says, "come, we'll give you free healthcare." People that weren't even thinking about coming. That's why we have caravans of people that we're turning back. Mexico's been great. By the way, they gave us 27,000 soldiers on our border. But when a governor, nice guy actually, he's a nice guy. We just got to explain the facts of life. He's a nice guy. Oh doctor, please. Doctor in the house, please. Medical, please. A doctor. Thank you. Take your time. We've got plenty of time. Yeah, take your time please. A lot of these people have been here for three days. It's a lot. Those front row people are tough. Take your time, doc. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, doctor. That's true. They get here so… They stand and sit and sometimes days early. In Colorado, they're there three, four days early. It's tough. And we work it and make sure that you have everything you want. Number one, we cover the facts and number two, we want to have a good time because we have to have a good time. But things like that happen a lot because after two, three days, it's not easy and these are strong people. I'm not going to fight any of them, okay? Now, amazing people. Thank you very much. Under my administration, we're finally taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of illegal immigrants who follow our laws, pay their taxes, lift up our society, and are entitled to a government that protects their families and protects their communities. Every day, Democrats' open border policies are harming and killing innocent people. You know what's happening, you know what's going on. In this region alone last year, ICE officers, and they're patriots. They're strong, tough patriots. If we didn't have them. They remove thousands and thousands of MS13 gang members a year and plenty of others. Who else is going to do it? ICE officers arrested over 5, 000 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rape, and even murder. Many murders. In Western Nevada, an illegal alien was charged with robbing and brutally executing four victims last year. Right here in Las Vegas, three MS13 gang members abducted a man, tied him up with his shoelaces, shot him repeatedly, and hacked him to death with a machete. You know exactly what I'm talking about. It's right here in your place, in Las Vegas, right here. Tied up and hacked him to death. Yet left wing politicians oppose all detention of illegal aliens, even convicted criminals and murderers, and they support deadly sanctuary cities. I say this all the time and I just… How the hell, where are they coming from? I don't get it right. Seriously, I don't get it. Sanctuary cities imperil American lives by releasing dangerous criminal aliens directly into your communities. If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote Republican in 2020. And you have some great ones here, Michael. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row. And as the wall gets longer, it gets easier and easier. Remember when the Democrats were saying, "you don't need a wall." Two things that never change, right? All these computers, they said, "use drones." Oh great, we'll fly over with drones. Watch the people pour in by the thousands. That's great. Use drones. Before I came along, they all wanted a wall. They just didn't know how to build it. They had no clue. They had the money, they actually gave the money back, but they had no clue. But as soon as I came in and I said, "Wall," they went against and I made a terrible mistake. We catch them. You know the story. They come over, could be a killer, murderer, rapist. They come over. We can't do anything. We have to be politically correct. We catch them. We then say, "what's your address?" They don't know. They don't even know their country in many cases. Where do you come from? We don't know and they mean it, but some are very serious criminals. So, we catch them, we take whatever they can take, which is nothing, and then we had to release them in our country. We can't bring them back. And then we have a system of judges, thousands of judges all over the place. You got to be like Perry Mason and every illegal that comes in, they have the lawyers. The lawyers meet them, they get paid fees, but we're breaking the system. No more catch and release, you think that was easy? And the big thing is that 30 foot… And this wall is built exactly to the specifications of border patrol. Totally. And border patrol has seized the largest amount, just recently, of deadly narcotics ever recorded. The largest amount. We've deported record numbers of gang members. We've done more to secure the border than any administration in history. We are, as I said, building the wall faster than ever. Faster and bigger than anyone thought possible. They can't believe we're getting it done. We'll have over 500 miles of wall built sometime next year. 500 miles. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are right now. 132 congressional Democrats have now signed up for Bernie Sanders takeover of healthcare that would strip 180 million Americans, many of them in this room, of their private coverage. Remember president Obama? Remember, he said, "you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan." 28 times, he lied, so we should impeach him. We're going to impeach him. We'll do a belated impeachment. 28 times, "you can keep your doctor," right? Remember, you could keep your doctor. Unfortunately, when they found out you can't keep your doctor, he said, "I was just kidding." Now, we should impeach him. We'll do a belated impeachment. Fake news, you have it. See, you have to be very careful when you say impeachment because you know what they do? They go back and they write. President Trump said that Obama should be impeached, but he's not in office and so therefore they can't impeach. He doesn't know what he's talking about because he's not in office, so therefore they can't. So, you have to be very careful. That's why I use the word belated impeachment. Belated, meaning I'm just kidding, okay? They do it all the time. They had it the other day. I said, "bring back Gone With The Wind," right? I said a little bit up here, but I said the movie the other day in Colorado, I guess. I said, "Huh, South Korean movie won." They said, "ladies and gentlemen, the winner of the Academy Award is …" A movie made in South Korea, what's this all about? And I deal with them, they like me. We're helping them a lot. They're killing us on trade. They beat us on trade and then they win the Academy Award for a fricking movie. But we redid that trade deal, but the other day they got me on this one too. I said, "whatever happened to Gone With the Wind, that beautiful movie? Vivian Lee, Clark Gable, right? Whatever happened, bring back Gone With the Wind." And some of them wrote, "he doesn't know that that movie was made in 1936." He says fake news. It is fake news, they're fakers. But now, anybody sitting there reading this saying, "man, Trump, can't be that smart. He said bring back Gone With the Wind. That's an old movie." Yeah, it's an old classic. What I say is make great movies, not this computerized garbage. And I was never a fan of Brad Pitt, I will tell you that. No, I thought he was a stiff. He was a stiff, it's like a boring guy. All of a sudden he wins the Academy Award, so fitting. Their ratings aren't so good at the Academy Awards. You know when that stopped? When they started attacking us, their ratings went right down the tubers. I told somebody, the evening newscasts, they're terrible for conservative people and they're crooked, they're absolutely dishonest. I said to one of the big broadcasters, I'm friendly with him. I said, "if you ever did a conservative newscasts, instead of… you got, ABC is terrible. NBC is just absolutely atrocious." And they do badly. Not a lot of people are watching. They used to, when we had the late, great Walter Cronkite and these legends, right? But ABC is terrible and NBC is terrible and CBS is terrible. They're all the same. And I said, "your ratings stink. If you would do a newscast that's conservative, I'd get them a host. I could recommend guys right now, right? I'd get them a host. We'll call up… Don't take Sean Hannity away from us. Don't take our show. That's my problem, I don't want to take away any of our people. You get a Pete Hegseth. You get a Jesse Waters. You get… I could name so many of them, right? And you put them on that broadcast, their ratings would go up five fold but they don't know that. I don't know. They're stupid. Their ratings would go through the roof, but they would rather have a failed broadcast that nobody watches than put on a conservative person and lift the ratings five times. They would rather have a fail… Seven months ago we had a little skit, and they were hoping the market would crash because they would rather lose their money, or big parts of it, and have a really horrible market on the basis that we, not me, we could not be elected on November 3rd. This is how crazy- … on November 3rd. This is how evil, this is how crazy they are. They've gone crazy. I guess you call it Trump derangement syndrome. But if they ever did a conservative broadcast, meaning very fair, very honest When I say that, it's almost like do a fair broadcast. Just a fair broadcast. That thing would be the hottest show. But they don't realize it. And if they do, they probably wouldn't do it anyway because they don't want to go away from what they're doing, which is crazy because it is, they're doing very poorly. While the social and socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American healthcare and your Social Security, they're putting it at risk, my administration is protecting your Social Security. Remember they said, four years ago in the debates and you had this crazy woman. I mean, I hate to mention her name. I did it you know, yesterday. I threw all the runs, hates it. She's a zero. It's got zero television personality. Aero AB Stoddard, whoever that is. She said, "Donald Trump lost all of his debates." I won every debate and maybe, I don't know maybe one somebody, but I won with tremendous numbers. He says, "You always won." I'm not sure. We try, I'll tell you that and we're winning now. But this crazy woman who's got zero going, zero. She said, "Donald Trump lost his debates that he won." You know, she was talking about how badly Benny Mike did. So she said, "Well, Donald Trump." No, I won every single debate. I won them against crooked Hillary. I won them in the primaries like 15 or 16 debates. And for some reason, you know, sometimes you do say, it's not a big deal. Nobody watches it. Nobody cares. Nobody even knows who she is. I just made her famous, right? She's nothing. She's nothing. She's got no talent, got nothing. She's probably got a little drive. That's how she keeps getting on television. Other people don't have her drive. But you know what? I said, "That's really unfair." So I took out the polls, Time magazine, Drudge, good guy, Drudge, Drudge. We took out a lot of different things and we put up the Drudge poll, the Time magazine and many others. And some of them had to be down to like at 91% and they didn't have many people and I can't really show up because many of those people are now great friends of mine. Some of them are great Republican senators. I'm not going to show results, but I'm holding it up just quickly glancing. I call it a glancing blow, but we won the debates and I have this fake news person saying, "Donald Trump did very poorly in the debates." I want every debate easily. I never did it before. Remember my first question? I said, "Rosie O'Donnell." That was one of my best answers. Rosie O'Donnell who violated the campaign finance laws as badly as anybody I've ever seen and nothing happens to her. Right? And yet ‘jevich violate … He made a little mistake and they want to destroy him. So we pardoned him. We pardoned him. By the way, he made a mistake. Rosie O'Donnell. That was a massive violation of the campaign finance laws but Dinesh, Dinesh, they wanted to put him in jail. I don't know. I think he might've even gone to jail for a period of time for doing something that was really very understandable. Rosie O'Donnell. Five times what she did is incredible. Nothing happens. And then she gets on and says, what a bad guy I am. I'm not a bad guy, but it's really a disgrace. You know, it's a disgrace. I'm glad they didn't do anything with it, frankly because you know what to do for something like that. But you know what? We have two sets of justices in this country. It's no good. It's no good. It's no good. You know the thing we're working on right now? We're trying to get fairness for a certain person who's been treated very unfairly. A man who had a juror, who was a radical anti-Trump person, and she didn't say that when she went up there and she became the foreperson of the jury and she did terrible things and said terrible things. And you know how they caught her. When he was convicted and then a statement was made, she started jumping up and down screaming, " Yes, yes." And started telling everybody. They said, "Wait a minute. Wasn't she just a juror?" The woman was totally biased. How do you do this? So I fight. Look, I fight. A lot of times it's not worth it, but I got to fight for fairness. I got to fight for fairness. Got to fight for fairness. It's a very unfair system. I guess it's called the swamp. When I said drain the swamp, it was a nice phrase. I never liked the phrase. When I was campaigning, somehow the phrase came up, "Sir, I think we have a phrase, drain the swamp." I said, "I don't like it. That's too hokey." But one day I was in a big arena, 25,000 people packed before the election and I said, "And we will drain the swamp." The place went crazy. I said, "Wow, you never know. You never know." Frank Sinatra said his best song. I won't tell you which one because I'll ruin it for you, but his best song is the song that he thought would never make it, the song that he liked the least, but he said that's the one that was the most successful that the people like you never know. So I said, "Drain the swamp." And the people went crazy. I said, "Woah." I said, "Let's try that again." And the next time I did it again and again and again. I only didn't know how disgusting and dirty the swamp is and a lot of the media is a big part of the swamp. So my administration is protecting your social security, your Medicare, and is fighting to give you great healthcare. We're defending your right to keep your doctor and your plan. We're defending that right. You're going to have that right back. We're going to cancel that Obamacare if we could win the case and we're going to give you great healthcare and we're making healthcare better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office. We're managing it very well. We got rid of the individual mandate, by far the most unpopular thing where you had to pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to pay for bad healthcare, right? We got rid of it. And it was upheld in the Supreme Court, what we did. Whenever we get sued, everything we do, if we move, if we take 10 steps right or left, we get sued and we're now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive. We're going to make healthcare a big part of this campaign. We're protecting people with preexisting conditions and we always will. That's why if we are successful, you don't want the Supreme Court to try and get rid of this, the caucus. It's a caucus known as Obamacare, but we're running it much better than they did. Remember when they had, this was the greatest, the $5 billion website, right? 5 billion. It was supposed to cost 5 million. I have a son at home. He's 13. He's a genius with computers. "Hi, dad. What's up? Dead dad. Get out of here." Hey listen. I'm the president of the United States, pal. Don't talk to your dad. "Dad, Come on dad. Can't you see I'm playing with my computer?" The guy talks to me and he's working with his computer. These guys are genius. You know, they grow up with like walking, right? But he's looking at me. I could have given him their healthcare site. He would have done it for nothing and it would have been better than what they have. So remember, come on, dad. I'm busy, dad. What do you want? What do you want, dad? Barron, woah. Wow, he's going to like that. He's a good boy. He's a tall boy. I'll tell you that. Just turned 13. He's up there. I'm saying, "Hi Barron. How are you doing?" But they're great with the computers. They spent 5 billion. Okay. It was going to cost 50. It was going to cost five. It was going to cost 50. Then it was going to .. What was the final number? Five hundreds. The number that they spent, $5 billion. Right? It still doesn't work. They spent $5 billion. Right? And they spent $500 million on all of the problems it caused and we've really straightened it out, but it's still lousy healthcare, Obamacare. And it's really not Obamacare anymore because when you get rid of the individual mandate, it's no longer Obamacare but we're going to terminate it. We're going to give you your preexisting a hundred per- otherwise I won't do it. We're going to give you brand new preexisting and we're going to have a great healthcare that's much less expensive. And we're fighting to stop surprise medical bill and Barron's is going to be very happy. I signed an executive order imposing price transparency because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very fast. You know, a man that does this very professionally is great, into the healthcare business and you have to be careful when you say it, but you know it was just a very strong statement. But he said, "Sir, price transparency in hospitals. Where you can bid it out and you can look at the prices. Right now you can't see. If you go to a hospital, they won't even tell you how much it's going to cost. They operate and then they'll give you a bill and you'll say, "Oh my god, I had no idea it could be." They take blood. We have one person, blood $39. Another place, the exact same thing, $2500. Take blood, a blood test. One is $39 one, is $2500. The same test. Maybe the $39 test is better. Who the hell knows? But it's crazy. Price transparency and he looks at me. He goes, and he's a real pro. One of the top in the country. He said, "Sir," and nobody wanted to do it because it's a little bit controversial and a lot of the drug companies don't exactly love it. The hospitals don't love it, but I got to do what's right for you. The people, I don't care, I'm not. I got to do it. But he looked at me. And this is why I did it. It was one phrase. You know, do you ever do where you're not going to do something? And then somebody hits you with a perfect phrase. He said, "Sir, price transparency is bigger than healthcare." I said, "What do you mean by that?" He said, "You will see numbers that far outweigh healthcare, hospitals, doctors." He said, "You'll be able to price out everything. You'll be able to see costs." He said, "Price transparency." You know, people you've heard about this for 15, 20 years. No president has the guts to do it. Probably means I won't get campaign contributions from certain people, but I'm not going to get them anyway. What the hell difference does that make? I don't want them. I don't want them. I got to do what's right. You know, we're here for a short period of time. Even if it's a long period, it's still a short period and we've got to do so. Price transparency is a big deal. He said it's bigger than healthcare. Think of that. Bigger than healthcare. So let's see what happens. But that'll kick in. Unfortunately, that kicks in after the election because we're going through the final stages. We going through a statutory process, unfortunately. So think of it, we're going to win. But let's say the fake news could give me enough phony stories, enough bad stuff that we don't make it. The new president will get all the credit for price transparency and he won't even know what the hell it is. And I took the heat. Isn't that something? But we're going to win. We got to win for that reason alone. We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs, which are just as good as the name brand drugs, but a fraction of the cost. And that was another one. Tremendous political pressure. Think of it. You own Bayer aspirin. You own all these name name brand drugs that are making so much money. And then the guy comes along said, "I want to make 20 forms of aspirin." They're exactly the same. Exactly. But they don't have a big name on it. Exactly as good. I don't say better. I don't say worse. They're exactly the same. You know, people still, they want to go out and buy the name. You know? I do. I do. You know? Because it's just because we're stupid. No, it's true. They're exactly the same. We're approving so many of the generic drugs, a record number. Nobody's ever approved so much. The drug companies hate it. They hate it. Never happened like what we're doing. We also took down the trial periods from 12 years down to five or six years. They'd have a new drug. The thing was obsolete by the time it got approved. We've passed a really spectacular thing that they've been trying to get for 40 some odd years. Right to try. So you don't have to now go if you get, hopefully nobody in this room has those kind of problems. Right to try. And so now you go and you sign a waiver and you get everything. It's great. If you're terminally ill. If you're very, very sick, you're not going to make it. And you know why they didn't do it? They wouldn't approve it because they didn't want to be sued. And they said, "No, this could be dangerous." They said, "The people are terminally ill, they're going to die. Let them use the experimental drugs. Don't wait because they have another four or five years before they can come onto the market." And it turned out we are having such unbelievable results. And you know what else? Some of those drug companies are now like it. That they fought me like crazy because it's really showing if it works there, it's really showing that it works. It's pretty amazing. Right to try and this is really something, brand new initiatives combating kidney disease and combating Alzheimer's disease. We've made a lot of progress. We've made a lot of progress, Sheldon and we're pursuing new advances in the neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients, our babies, and breaking all records in so doing. All of the radical Democrats in the presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the very moment of birth. This is why in my state of the union address, did you like it? Good. It's a different kind of address. You know, we can go lots of different ways, right? Presidential, not presidential. I was presidential. Totally. You'd have about three people standing here, but I asked Congress to prohibit late term abortion of babies because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your very, very important second amendment. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great Abraham Lincoln, which everybody forgot. Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every single walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm. We are wealthy, right? Are we enthusiastic? You know how many of these I've done in the last four days? People say, "Where the hell do you get your energy?" I say, "Well, the truth is I like what I do and if we weren't getting the results, I wouldn't like it." If we weren't getting the results. If I didn't see the results, I wouldn't like it at all. We're welcoming Americans of all parties and political persuasions to join our incredible movement to make America great again. We're a very big party. We are the party of big ideas for the future. Republicans are fighting for school choice because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life. Was never going to happen. We got it done. This could not have been done by anyone but the Republican party and ourselves. You know the Democrats have tried for years. They couldn't get it done. We got it done. To uphold the rule of law. We are confirmed and this is something they say. Most important thing you can do, judges. I say most important thing is defense. Second is judges. A record number of 217 federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written. And we have appointed two great new Supreme court justices, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh. I recognized Israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem and we recognize Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. We have invested $2.2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, including more than $130 million for Nellis air force base right here. And we just created the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the Space Force, 72 years, 72 years. The air force was 72 years ago. We just did a branch. It's a big deal, isn't it? Think of it. A branch, the army, the air force. Think of it. We did a branch. For years you watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of Nevada. At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in November of 2020 November 3rd. November 3rd. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the Washington swamp once and for all. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that very beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the AIDS epidemic within nine years in America. And we will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant its flag on Mars. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. And that is under siege in case you haven't noticed. You know, your second amendment is under siege. Just don't worry. Long as I'm here, they're not touching it. Above all, we will never stop fighting for this. So true. But we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America, we support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes and they are heroes. We love them, of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust. From Carson city to Reno to right here in Las Vegas, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and to defend our great, beautiful, lovely freedom, freedom, freedom. Freedom. Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys who tamed the frontier, raised the mighty Hoover dam. That's a beauty. Transformed the barren desert into a shining oasis, lit up the lights of the Las Vegas strip and help to make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth. And we are making it greater than ever before. Proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before. And ladies and gentlemen of Nevada, the best is yet to come together. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. Thank you, Nevada. Thank you, Las Vegas. We love Las Vegas. Thank you everybody. Thank you.